






Developing Artificial Intelligence Driven System for Trend Aware, Hyper-Localized and Regulation Compliance

By
TAN WAI KEN
TP069529
APU3F2511CS(AI)

A report submitted in partial fulfilment of the requirements for the degree of 
B.Sc. (Hons) Computer Science Specialism in Artificial Intelligence
at Asia Pacific University of Technology and Innovation.

Supervised by Amad Arshad
2nd Marker: Sathiapriya Ramiah
2025

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

I would like to express my appreciation to my supervisor, Mr Amad Arshad, for his guidance and support throughout the final year project. He guided me in choosing project title and providing valuable insight which has paved the way for my ideas. I would like to thank my second marker, Ms. Sathiapriya Ramiah, for her assistance in scoring my report. Other than that, I would also like to thank my previous hackathon teammates Lucius Wilbert, Ang Jian Ming, Jonas Kwan, and Maxwell, who allowed me to take the project to new heights. Moreover, I am grateful for my friends who has been involved in exchanging ideas and always motivate me during the planning of the project. Special thanks to them: Amal Djasreel, Chaw Yan Cheng, Demetrius Koh, Damien See, Shrinivas Hoh and Yap Jun Kit. 
Most importantly, I want to thank my parents Gan Hui Leng and Tan Mooi Chin who supported me in my daily life chores to keep me focused on this project. In addition, I am very grateful to all the volunteers from different company backgrounds for their willingness to spare time to participate in the interview. Their professional and honest feedback allowed me to understand the real needs, refine the solution, and update the features offered. In conclusion, this project would not have been possible without the help and support of all individuals mentioned above. Therefore, I would like to express my gratitude to each one of you once again.








ABSTRACT (Not Done)
In multicultural, high-context markets such as Malaysia, digital marketing localization poses significant challenges for both global and local small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). Existing AI-driven advertising tools lack the ability to simultaneously carry out comprehensive cultural transformation, hyper localization, multimodal content adaptation, and regulatory compliance checks. This study explores the feasibility of developing an AI-powered trend-aware, hyper local, and compliant platform that automates the end-to-end transformation of global marketing assets into culturally resonant, legally compliant Malaysian advertising campaigns. Qualitative research methods were adopted, by conducting semi-structured interviews with four SME professionals, covering the fashion e-commerce, food and beverage, technology and traditional retail industries. The interview result revealed three common pain points: inefficient manual trend tracking, difficulty in achieving authentic cultural and language localization, and compliance anxiety. The results validate the necessity of integrating a unified AI process that integrates real-time trend intelligence, multimodal transformation, retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) compliance systems, and human-machine validation layers. This initiative aligns directly with SDG 8 (Decent Work and Economic Growth), specifically Target 8.2, as it lowers the barrier to entry and empowers SMEs to compete more effectively in Malaysia's diverse digital landscape.
Keywords: Artificial Intelligence (AI), Marketing Localization, Hyper-Localization, Culture Intelligence, Regulatory Compliance, Tend Analysis, Small and Medium Enterprise (SMEs)
 
 


TABLE OF CONTENTS   
 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT2
ABSTRACT (Not Done)3
TABLE OF CONTENTS4
LIST OF FIGURES8
LIST OF TABLES9
CHAPTER 1: INTRODUCTION10
1.1 Introduction10
1.2 Problem Context11
1.2.1 Limitations in Digital Readiness and Strategy for Digital Marketing11
1.2.2 The Localization and Cultural Nuance Gap11
1.2.3 Strict Regulatory and Compliance Risks12
1.3 Project Aim13
1.4 Objectives13
1.5 Scope14
1.5.1 Task to be Executed14
1.5.2 Task to be Executed Revision16
1.5.3 Constraints20
1.5.4 In-Scope and Out-Scope22
1.5.5 Target users22
1.6 Potential Benefit23
1.6.1 Tangible benefits23
1.6.2 Intangible benefits23
1.7 Overview of the IR (Updated)23
1.8 Project Plan26
CHAPTER 2: LITERATURE REVIEW28
2.1 Introduction28
2.2 Domain Research28
2.2.1 Evolution of Advertising Media and Creation Practices28
2.2.2 AIDriven Advertising Workflows and Design31
2.2.3 Challenges for Global SMEs to Advertise in Malaysia32
2.2.4 Cultural and Linguistic Missteps in Advertising33
2.2.5 Regulatory Framework for Digital Advertising in Malaysia34
2.2.6 Cultural and Ethnic Sensitivities for Digital Advertising in Malaysia35
2.3 Similar Systems36
2.3.1 Agentic Multimodal AI for HyperPersonalized B2B and B2C Advertising: An AIDriven Competitive Advertising Framework (Srinivas et al., 2025)36
2.3.2 ACAI for SBOs: AI Co-creation for Advertising and Inspiration for Small Business Owners (Karnatak et al., 2025)39
2.3.3 Neural Insights for Digital Marketing Content Design (Kong et al., 2023)42
2.3.4 Influencer: Empowering Everyday Users in Creating Promotional Posts via AI-infused Exploration and Customization (Liu et al., 2024)45
2.3.5 Comparative Analysis of Academic AI Advertising Systems48
2.3.6 Comparative Analysis of Commercial AI Advertising Systems50
2.3.7 Lesson Learn52
2.4 Technical Research53
2.4.1 Client-Side framework and Server-Side framework53
2.4.2 Hardware and Software Usage (Updated)54
2.4.3 Integrated Development Environment (IDE)55
2.4.4 Libraries and tools (Updated)56
2.4.4 AI Model Comparison and Selection (Updated)59
2.4.5 Storage and Database Management Systems67
2.4.6 Operating System69
2.4.7 Web Server70
2.4.8 Web Browser70
2.5 Summary71
CHAPTER 3: METHODOLOGY72
3.2 System Development Methodology72
3.2.1 Introduction to Methodologies72
3.2.2 Methodology Comparison74
3.2.3 Methodology Choice and Justification76
3.2.3 Activities and Processes77
3.2.4 Conclusion80
3.3 Data Gathering Design81
3.3.1 Data Collection Method81
3.3.2 Interview Section82
3.3.3 Interview Questions83
3.4 Analysis86
3.4.1 Interview Result86
3.4.2 Analysis of Findings98
3.4.3 Analysis Summary101
CHAPTER 4: DESIGN AND IMPLEMENTATION104
4.1 Introduction104
4.2 System Architecture Design105
4.3 Database Design107
4.3.1 Schema Relationships107
4.3.2 ERD108
4.4 Core Feature Sequence Diagram109
4.4.1 Compliance Checker109
4.4.2 Advertisement Generation111
4.4 Use Case Diagram112
4.4 Interface Design113
4.5 Implementation116
4.5.1 Login Page116
4.5.2 Forgot Password116
4.6 Sample codes116
4.6.1 Name of program: sign_in.cs116
4.6.2 Name of program: sign_up.cs116
CHAPTER 5: RESULT AND DISCUSSION117
5.1 Introduction117
5.2 Test Plan117
5.2.1 Unit Testing117
5.3.2. User Acceptance Testing144
CHAPTER 6: CONCLUSION147
6.1 Critical Evaluation147
6.2 Limitation147
6.3 Recommendation147
5.0 REFERENCES148
6.0 APPENDICES155
6.1 Appendix A - Project Proposal Form (PPF)155
6.2 Appendix B - Ethics Form (Fast Track)156
6.3 Appendix C - Log Sheet160
6.4 Appendix D – Poster161
6.5 Appendix E – Gannt Chart (Updated)161
6.6 Appendix F – Sample Code Implementation162
6.7 Appendix G – Interviewee Demographic Profile163
6.8 Appendix H – Turnitin Result164

  

LIST OF FIGURES 
Figure 1 MAAMS framework (Srinivas et al., 2025)28
Figure 2 PAG framework (Srinivas et al., 2025)29
Figure 3 CHPAS framework (Srinivas et al., 2025)29
Figure 4 ACAI prototype pipeline (Karnatak et al., 2025)31
Figure 5 Contextual Intelligence Design (Karnatak et al., 2025)32
Figure 6 Process of how neural insight tools work (Kong et al., 2023)34
Figure 7 Architecture of multi-model neural network (Kong et al., 2023)34
Figure 8 Multimodal Recommendation System (Kong et al., 2023)35
Figure 9 Process of how Influencer work (Liu et al., 2024)37
Figure 10 Sample Kanban Board (Source: (GreeksforGreeks, 2025))66
Figure 11 Kanban Method Handle Project Example ( (Vasiliauskas, 2022)67
Figure 12 Kanban Pull System (GreeksforGreeks, 2025)68
Figure 13 Limit WIP Example (GreeksforGreeks, 2025)68
Figure 14 PPF Page 1102
Figure 15 PPF Page 2102
Figure 16 PPF Page 3102
Figure 17 Ethics Form Page 1103
Figure 18 Ethics Form Page 2104
Figure 19 Ethics Form Page 3105
Figure 20 Ethics Form Page 4106
Figure 21 Log Sheet107
Figure 22 Gannt Chart108
Figure 23 Turnitin Report Page 1109
Figure 24 Turnitin Report Page 2110
Figure 25 Turnitin Report Page 3111
 

LIST OF TABLES    
Table 1 Project Plan19
Table 2 Culturally Insensitive Marketing Malaysia25
Table 3 Tech Stack (Srinivas et al., 2025)30
Table 4 Tech Stack (Karnatak et al., 2025)32
Table 5 Tech Stack (Kong et al., 2023)35
Table 6 Tech Stack (Liu et al., 2024)38
Table 7 Comparative Analysis for Academic System41
Table 8 Comparative Analysis with Commercial System43
Table 9 Client-side and Server-Side Framework45
Table 10 Hardware minimum requirement46
Table 11 Software Target Version46
Table 12 IDE Selection47
Table 13 Frontend Library47
Table 14 Backend Library48
Table 15 Text Model50
Table 16 Image model52
Table 17 Voice Model53
Table 18 Video Model56
Table 19 Database Selection58
Table 20 Operation System Selection58
Table 21 Web Server Selection59
Table 22 Web Browser Selection59
Table 23 Project Success Rate in Agile vs Waterfall (Flynn, 2022)61
Table 24 Agile vs Traditional Methodology62
Table 25 Scrum vs Kanban vs Lean vs XP Methodology64
Table 26 Summary of Interview 177
Table 27 Summary of Interview 280
Table 28 Summary of Interview 383
Table 29 Summary of Interview 486
Table 30 Interviewee Demographic profile108


CHAPTER 1: INTRODUCTION 
1.1 Introduction 
In the domain of digital marketing, the controversy between standardization and localization is a critical challenge particularly in a region of high context and multicultural countries, like Malaysia. While global company attempt to scale quickly, they often stick to a single campaign template as producing a separate and meaning advertisement for each target group is operationally expensive. However, the reliance on generic template often led to local market fail due to lack of culture intelligence. (Ong, 2025) More recent research has also brought to light the fact that single-level marketing strategies inadequate to cope Malaysia’s diverse cultural fabric. (Restaty & Niken, 2025) In addition, these businesses face to the very strict advertising laws under the supervision of local government bodies such as the Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission (MCMC) also involve religious and social sensitivities. This is one of the main areas of research which highlights the need for automation of these processes as existing tools do not have capability to perform cultural check and transformation pipeline in the regulatory and social setting that we need to overcome these regulatory and social complexities.
This research will lead directly to the creation of an interactive workspace where people can work collaboratively in a fully AI-powered pipeline to translate, rewrite and visually adapt campaigns using target market context to ensure tone, imagery and even references to the culture are relevant. Results for the output should be able to upload to the Instagram, Facebook, TikTok and other social media platforms. This deep-diving workflow will have a daily trend analyser for high user engagement cultural themes and an agentic campaign crafter to create pre-validated strategic assets. Also, it has a transcreation engine for authentic audio-lingual adaptation and video module to create or mask the video to localise the visual representation. A last global multimodal compliance checker acts as guardrails, ensuring that all outputs are in strict accordance with the multimedia laws before being published.
To achieve this, the project will be required to implement multiple sophisticated AI Agent Flow. Then, it will also aggregate real-time social media trends and facilitate direct content posting after the content created. The technical architecture also mitigates the western bias to be a major feature of Large Language Models (Liu et al., 2024) by incorporating a Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) module to design a compliance layer that filters outputs for religious and social sensitivity. For visual adaptation, the system will integrate video inpainting and image to video diffusion models to modify video frames seamlessly and generate smooth keyframe transitions. Beyond video, it also extends to adapt static image, such as modify marketing poster by automatically adding local symbols and adjust the text styles based on local preferences. This ensures that visual elements align with local demographics.
This initiative is firmly connected with SDG 8: Decent Work and Economic Growth, specifically Target 8.2 Higher Economic Productivity through Technology. Firstly, it can reduce the barriers to market entry for foreign companies, make it easier for them to gain a foothold inside such a local culture and even in country as complex culture and strict local regulation of an environment that will still protect advertising without fear of cultural blowback and losing its customer base. Secondly, it makes it easier for Malaysian SMEs to access high-quality, culturally resonant advertising, making them more likely to make their way into the market and compete with the larger players in the market. As a result, it increases the productivity of the workforce and helps build up skilled job opportunities on the changing digital landscape in Malaysia.

1.2 Problem Context 
Beyond the project background, businesses today must choose between the scalability of global campaigns and the effectiveness of localized content. This conflict creates three distinct problems that this project is designed to address.
1.2.1 Limitations in Digital Readiness and Strategy for Digital Marketing
While Malaysia’s digital advertising revenue has grown by 8.5% and now accounts for 73% of total advertisement budgets (Magna Global, 2024), the ability of Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) to utilize this budget effectively is limited. Data indicates that Malaysian SMEs have failed to implement digital market strategy as due to lack of talent and digital literacy. This also has been supported by SME Corp Malaysia that stated that 77% of Malaysian SMEs remain at the basic digitalisation stage as they lack the advanced tools to create competitive marketing content (Veeraya et al., 2024) It leadvertisements to a trial-and-error approach that is wasting the resources. Furthermore, SMEs often struggle to track rapidly shifting trends without dedicated analytics tools, as manual tacking is time consuming, which result in missed opportunities to capture high engagement topics.
1.2.2 The Localization and Cultural Nuance Gap
As the communication and creation rely heavily on implicit shared knowledge rather than explicit texts, the understanding of local high-context culture is insufficient (Liu et al., 2024). For instance, Malaysian consumers believe that mixing Malay and English codes as more creative and influential than standard English, as signals of solidarity and reduce social distance. This is critical because 40% of global consumers will not purchase from a website that is not in their preferred language, and 65% prefer content in their native language even if the quality is less than perfect. (Donald & Paul, 2020) However, achieving this level of nuance in digital marketing content currently requires advanced prompt engineering with specific culture context and extensive iterative trial and error to override the model's default Western bias. Additionally, visual representation also equally important as 82% of shoppers are more likely to buy if the promotional materials include people that looks like them, which creates the need for Pan Asian Model Generation (Collins & Attaran, 2022). Ultimately, we found that in addition to poor localization is also a major factor affecting online buying behaviour especially in Southeast Asia. (Wang et al., 2024)
1.2.3 Strict Regulatory and Compliance Risks
The final challenge involves navigating regulatory and compliance environment that intersect heavily with sensitive cultural nuances. For example, the MCMC Content Code 2022 strictly prohibits the use of religion in any form of advertising for commercial gain to ensure social harmony. (Content Forum Malaysia, 2022) MCMC also urge social media platform providers to handle “3R” (Race, religion, Royalty) sensitivities. Crucially, content deemed offensive to culture values can result in fine up to RM50,000 or imprisonment under Section 211 of the Communications and Multimedia Act 1998. All the above prove that the cost of compliance in digital marketing has indeed increased. Moreover, the risk of non-compliance also evidenced by recent industry failures. For instance, a deodorant advertisement on LRT was removed following public backlash as their content got a negative stereotype about specific ethnic groups even though it maybe unintentionally. (Malaysia of Communications and Multimedia Content Forum, 2022) This incident demonstrates that without a system capable of automating culture and regulatory checks, business risk severe financial loss and reputation damage.

1.3 Project Aim  
 The main goal of the project is to design and implement an AI-powered localization platform that automatically transforms global marketing assets into Malaysia-friendly campaigns by integrating real-time trend intelligence, multimodal transcreation, localized asset generator, and cultural legal compliance checks, enabling brands to achieve culturally accurate and compliant digital marketing scale in Malaysia.
1.4 Objectives  
To achieve the stated aim, the project focuses on the following specific objectives:
To develop a smart dashboard that refreshes daily to tracks and analyse relevant viral content based on user’s company context across multiple social media platforms.  
To create a system that generates hyper-localized multimodal marketing assets that match the company needs.
To provide an automated compliance checker that evaluates visual and textual inputs against advertising norms and online content expectations. 
To set up a process flow that edit and refine to the marketing campaign based on the result of compliance check without changing the original intent.




  


1.5 Scope  
This section defines the boundaries of the proposed project. It outlines the specific technology constraints, localization area and target users include in the development, while stating the limitations to ensure the feasibility of the project within the given FYP timeline.

1.5.1 Task to be Executed Revision (Final)
During the design and implementation phase, several planned tasks were revised to accommodate model capabilities, optimize cloud architecture, and reduce API latency. This section details the finalized list of executed tasks and the justifications for their revision.

Task ID
Task Name
Original Planned Scope
Actual Delivered Implementation
Deviation / Justification
1
Social Media Integration
To enable features to upload post, reels and get trending advertisements or video
A unified social media publishing module with Zernio SDK, supports multi-platform ad deployment and provides interactive statistical data.
Delivered as planned.
2
Trend Analysis & Filtering Logic
Develop a backend algorithm to clean fetched data and filter out sensitive or irrelevant trending video or reels.  This will be a scheduler that run once per day.
Automated daily trend collection and filtering pipeline with trend analytics and statistics APIs.
Delivered as planned, but frequency changed to weekly.
3
Multimodal Asset Decomposition
Build a preprocessing pipeline that accepts user uploaded files and automatically separates them into distinct tracks such as audio, visual frames, and textual metadata for individual converting process so that each information format suits the model needs to do evaluation.
Use rule-based media preprocessing using file extension detection to identify content types and route files to the appropriate processing pipeline.
Delivered as planned.
4
Transcreation & Caption Engine
Integrate an LLM model that capable to translate and rewriting the marketing content into local dialects or unique language styles that are culturally relevant.
Centralized multimodal transcreation and copywriting engine powered by a single model with target user personas context.
Delivered as planned.
5
Audio Lingual Adaptation Pipeline
Implement speech synthesis workflows which involves speech to text (STT), transcreation, text to speech (TTS) and lips syncing generation to match the video character mouth movements to new language.
AI-powered voice cloning and multilingual dubbing pipeline supporting localized speech generation.
Enhanced: Implemented hierarchical voice selection from custom brand voice and regional voice library to local fallback. It preserves brand identity while improving localization quality.
6
Video Masking & Inpainting
Writing the backend code to link our app with three separate AI model includes video creation, character replacement and video editing.
Unified video-to-video editing pipeline powered by Gemini Omni.
Delivered as planned, but only one model was used.
7
Compliance RAG System
Construct a vector database indexed with MCMC Content Code 2022 and Malaysian advertising laws. Develop a retrieval system that checks generated assets against these legal documents.
PostgreSQL/Supabase stores regulatory data with structured metadata, while Qdrant stores prompt templates and successful generated examples for semantic retrieval.
Significant Pivot: Compliance rules were migrated from vector RAG to SQL metadata filtering for deterministic retrieval.
8
Multimedia Guardrail Implementation
Integrate the compliance checker into each of the workflow. The system scans final output and flag culture sensitivities if exist before allowing the user to publish.
AI-driven compliance assessment pipeline featuring intelligent tool routing, risk scoring, and human-review escalation.
Delivered as planned.
9
Dashboard & Visualization UI
Design and build frontend interface where users can interact with the different solution provided.
Responsive web dashboard developed using React, Vite, and modern UI design principles.
Delivered as planned.
10
Database & Storage
Connects to the cloud file server to store generated media assets and utilize a dedicated database to manage all critical application activity data, then build module to perform Create, Read, Update and Delete (CRUD) operations.
Connected to Amazon S3 for media assets and Supabase/PostgreSQL for transactional application data.
Delivered as planned.


1.5.2 Constraints

Constraint Type
Description
Budgetary
This project required frequent use of existing multimedia models, which usually comes with high costs. Since this is a student project with a limited budget, the cost of the paid model and API limits extensive testing and reduces the depth of assessment.
Data Availability
Hidden Culture Norms
Often not documented online, which required additional data collection method to continuously get feedback from local consumers.

Local Context Accessibility
Lack of access and understanding to the ground truth local culture, unique language terms and marketing regulation in other country.

Unstandardized Trending Resource
Lack of standardization and inconsistent data granularity across platform. Generally, the trending fall under bellow categories:
Global Trending
Nation Specific Trending
Hashtag Based Trending
Media Filtering for Advertisements Specific (Paid)
However, not all platforms support all categories uniformly, which make it harder as this study need nation specific trending.

Technical
AI Model and Infrastructure
To host a good visual generative model, enterprise-grade GPUs and high video memory are required, which is nearly impossible to do computationally with local hosting. Due to limited budgets, hosting with serverless platforms requires more money, which also makes it unattainable. It may be that you only use the API of the free tier or find a sponsor.

Processing Latency
Using multimodal model with lower-tier subscription often result in lower processing priority, which require to queue and take longer time to use the model during peak usage.



1.5.3 In-Scope and Out-Scope

In-Scope
Out-Scope
Text generation support in Malay, English, Mandarin, Tamil, and Manglish
Support for additional or non-listed languages
Automatically flag content keywords that violates the local culture and regulations.
Real-time analysis or moderation of live video streams.
Support for standard assets output formats suitable for general use. 
Non-standard or professional raw formats are not supported.
Video generation and modification with a resolution of 1024p and duration up to 30s.
Video generation and modification exceeding 30 seconds or higher than 1024p
Compliance with local (Malaysia) advertising guidelines
Compliance with advertising regulations for other countries
Trending Advertisements and Trending Video based on available platform data
Trending Post analysis due to inconsistent and limited platform support
Processing and modification are fully handled by AI models.
Manual editing interface features are not supported. Users cannot cut, crop, or add effects after assets is generated.

1.5.4 Target users
The primary target users are marketing executives and designers from both global and local SMEs. These professionals are responsible for developing marketing content but often struggle when targeting culturally diverse markets.
There are two main scenarios addressed by the system. First, global SMEs that intend to enter local market has limited understanding of basic local culture, design preferences, and language nuances. This makes them difficult to produce marketing content that resonates with local audience. Second, local SMEs that aim to expand their business to different ethnic groups or culture segments within the country also will encounter similar challenges. Although they live in the same geographical area, but they may not fully understand sensitivities and style of other target communities. 
As a result, the target users spend a significant amount of time to produce inclusive and effective marketing content. 
1.6 Potential Benefit  
1.6.1 Tangible benefits
Reduced content production time and cost for Malaysian advertising campaigns, as SMEs can generate localized creatives, scripts, and videos without hiring multiple agencies or language specialists.​
Campaign effectiveness increases when assets are linguistically and culturally aligned with Malaysian consumers.
Increase campaign conversion rate as culturally accurate targeting.
1.6.2 Intangible benefits
Stronger long term brand trust and reputation as company consistently avoid any non-compliance content to the local market. 
Product can resonate more deeply with local audiences.
More competitive compared to competitors who rely on generic marketing campaigns.
Increased internal confidence among the team. 
Reduces team decision fatigue and compliance anxiety.


1.7 Overview of the IR (Updated)
CHAPTER 1: INTRODUCTION 
This chapter is the foundation of the project by presenting the background of the digital marketing localization in Malaysia. This includes the core problem context, highlight the challenges of culture dissonance, digital readiness and complexities of local regulation compliance, that stop Global SMEs confidently enter the specific targeted nation. Moreover, Malaysia SME also hard to make proper marketing campaign to the other ethics also. The chapter then further outline the aim to develop an AI-powered digital marketing localization platform, with the breakdown objective that will lead to the end goal of the project. It also defines the details of the functional task, project scope, constraints and target user to define the final achievable area of the project. Lastly, it identifies the tangible and intangible benefits the solution plan to deliver to the target user.
CHAPTER 2: LITERATURE REVIEW 
This chapter provides a critical analysis of existing research and relevant technology that able to support this project. It not only reviews the current state of the digital advertisement in a high context culture and limitation of the existing ai tools but also make a competition analysis to understand what other similar system providing and what we can improve in the current paper idea. Subsequently, the technical study included system framework, hardware and software estimation, IDEs, libraries, external tools used, database management systems, and web server configuration to help researchers decide on the technology involved in the initial phase of the system.
CHAPTER 3: METHODOLOGY 
This chapter details the System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodology that will be used during project development. It also explains why choosing a particular method would be a better fit for the project than others. Subsequently, the researcher performs qualitative analysis which is interview that helps the researcher understand the departmental needs and current workflow of the target user. This is because only by understanding their needs, we can create the right user stories. Lastly, we conclude the requirement into must have features and nice to have features.
CHAPTER 4: DESIGN & IMPLEMENTATION
This chapter 

This chapter outlines the architectural design and structural implementation of the system’s framework, named Travelly. The design phase details the system's boundaries, user interaction workflows, and structural dependencies through comprehensive Unified Modelling Language (UML) diagrams and structural flowcharts. It also establishes the technical blueprint for the system's core computational elements, specifically the DEAP-based Genetic Algorithm and the context-aware Gemini Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) pipeline. The implementation phase then details the practical translation of these blueprints into a functional, modular Single Page Application. This includes a breakdown of the asynchronous Flask backend modules, frontend geocoding scripts, map rendering configurations, advanced defensive edge-case handlers, and interactive utilities such as hardware geolocation tracking and theme customizers.

CHAPTER 5: RESULT AND DISCUSSION
This chapter presents the rigorous testing methodology and performance evaluation conducted to validate Travelly’s framework. The assessment is divided into two distinct testing phases designed to evaluate the platform from both a technical and a user-centric perspective. First, Unit Testing systematically isolates and stresses the individual backend computational engines and frontend input handlers to verify the algorithm's mathematical integrity and error-handling resilience under boundary conditions. Second, User Acceptance Testing engages a target cohort of real-world testers using a structured evaluation questionnaire to quantify user satisfaction across interface design, system functionality, and performance metrics. The quantitative data and qualitative feedback gathered during these sessions are analysed to discuss the system's reliability and practical efficacy.

CHAPTER 6: CONCLUSION
The final chapter provides a critical evaluation and reflective summary of the entire project development cycle. It assesses the primary achievements of the project against its initial objectives, highlighting the system’s primary strengths in abstracting complex multi-objective optimization into an intuitive user interface. It also justifies Travelly's contributions to the independent travel community, local commerce, and global sustainability through its structural alignment with SDG 8. Finally, the chapter addresses the architectural limitations encountered during development and proposes concrete recommendations for future engineering enhancements, including native mobile scaling and live traffic rerouting engines.

CHAPTER 4: CONCLUSION 
The final chapter summarizes the main achievements and findings in the early stages of the project. It provides a rationale for the investigations conducted to fully support the proposed solution. In addition, any limitations encountered during the design phase, gaps or limitations in the current study were documented. These records provide a reference for possible future improvements.



1.8 Project Plan   

Name of Tasks
Duration
Start Date
End Date
Status
PHASE 1: REQUIREMENTS PLANNING
25 days
8/12/2025
9/1/2026
Completed
Project Initiation & Title Approval
3 days
8/12/2025
10/12/2025
Completed
Problem Research 
9 days
11/12/2025
23/12/2025
Completed
Define Aim and Scope 
3 days
24/12/2025
26/12/2025
Completed
Literature Review
8 days
29/12/2025
7/1/2026
Completed
Interview Implementation & Approval 
2 days
8/1/2026
9/1/2026
Completed
PHASE 2: USER DESIGN & DATA COLLECTION
36 days
14/1/2026
5/3/2026
Complete
Conduct Interview & Define Methodology
9 days
14/1/2026
27/1/2026
Completed
Review, Analysis and Evaluation of Collected Data
10 days
28/1/2026
11/2/2026
Completed
Summarize the Results
4 days
12/2/2026
17/2/2026
Completed
Conclude the IR
9 days
18/2/2026
2/3/2026
Completed
Review of IR & Final Polish
2 days
3/3/2026
4/3/2026
Completed
Submission of IR
1 day
5/3/2026
5/3/2026
Completed
PHASE 3: CONSTRUCTION (KANBAN)
74 days
11/3/2026
22/6/2026
Complete
Backlog Refinement & Requirement Breakdown
4 days
11/3/2026
16/3/2026
Completed
System Design & Architecture Planning
10 days
17/3/2026
30/3/2026
Completed
Development - Ads Generation Engine
20 days
31/3/2026
27/4/2026
Completed
Development - Compliance Check Engine
15 days
28/4/2026
18/5/2026
Completed
Development – Localization & Trend Engine
12 days
19/5/2026
3/6/2026
Completed
System Integration & Refinement
8 days
4/6/2026
15/6/2026
Completed
Document System Implementation
5 days
16/6/2026
22/6/2026
Completed
PHASE 4: CUTOVER (KANBAN)
22 days
23/6/2026
22/7/2026
Completed
Draft Test Plan
3 days
23/6/2026
25/6/2026
Completed
Conduct Unit & System Testing
5 days
26/6/2026
2/7/2026
Completed
Conduct User Acceptance Testing (UAT)
3 days
3/7/2026
7/7/2026
Completed
Apply Final Fixes from UAT Feedback
2 days
8/7/2026
9/7/2026
Completed
Summarize Test Results
1 day
10/7/2026
10/7/2026
Completed
Conclude the Report
1 day
13/7/2026
13/7/2026
Completed
Review & Validate Citations and References (APA)
1 day
14/7/2026
14/7/2026
Completed
Implement Appendices
1 day
15/7/2026
15/7/2026
Completed
Review of Report & Final Polish
2 days
16/7/2026
17/7/2026
Completed
Final Formatting & Submission Preparation
2 days
20/7/2026
21/7/2026
Completed
Submission of Report and Source Code
1 day
22/7/2026
22/7/2026
Completed
Table 1 Project Plan


CHAPTER 2: LITERATURE REVIEW 
2.1 Introduction 
This chapter reviews existing studies and technologies to evaluate the proposed project, “An Agent Flow Based System for Hyper Localized and Culturally Compliant Marketing.” It examines the project domain to identify current industry needs, relevant theories, trend and technologies to justify the feasibility of the system and support the selection of core system features.
Subsequently, it compares the pros, cons, and limitations of the proposed project with similar systems. This helps identify features and areas for improvement that should be preserved. In addition, it reviews and demonstrates the selected technology stack to ensure the system's usefulness and suitability.
Overall, this literature review provides the foundation for a project by validating problem areas, confirming technical feasibility, and supporting informed design decisions for the following chapters. 
2.2 Domain Research 
2.2.1 Evolution of Advertising Media and Creation Practices
Origins of Advertising (Before 15th Century)
Advertising practices can be traced back to early civilization such as Mesopotamia, Egypt, Greece and Rome. During those times, traders used wall inscriptions, papyrus notices, and public criers to promote their goods and services, as well as announce major events. These early practices already showed the characteristics of commercialization and socialization, where they marked ownership, provided lost and found services, or guided buyers to specific shops from the crowded urban space. Recent historical studies also prove that the needs to distinguish and promote products has emerged as a structural feature of trade, becoming the foundation of advertising in ancient societies. (Morkhade et al., 2024)
Print and Mass Media Era (15th–19th Century)
The invention of printing press in Europe during 15th to 16th centuries led to the first major transformation in the field of advertising. It has enabled businesses to create their own printed notice, trade cards and newspaper to spread them to wider region and reach more people who can read. By the 17th and 18th centuries, newspapers start providing classified advertisement to allow user to identify similar product easily. While in the 19th century, poster and billboard become popular, which turning the city become an organized place for advertising. Studies on media technology shows that each new printing format from simple flyers to illustrate magazine are gradually increase their visual attractiveness. Over time, this results in standardize formats such as display advertisements and catalogues. (Ezzat, 2023)
Broadcast Dominance (1920s–1980s)
In the year when radio is introduced which is 1920s, the voice-based advertising becomes the next hot spot to provided nationwide exposure by advertising through a short commercial spot. Subsequently, television combines sound, picture, and narrative stories to create video advertisements that make the company's message more understandable to audience. At the same time, it gave birth to the standard 30-second advertisement format that still dominates advertising today. A recent review of advertising history also highlights that businesses have come up with many popular strategic ideas, such as unique selling proposals (USPs), due to radio and television bans on direct selling and increasingly crowded airtime. (Siddiqui et al., 2023)
Early Digital and Programmatic Era (1990s–2000s)
The invention of the Internet in the mid-1990s created a new era for advertising. It began with the first clickable banner that appear on the homepage of HotWired. The advertising space then purchased by AT&T, which marked the beginning of online marketing. During this period, 
In 2000, marketers still relied heavily on desktop applications such as Adobe and Flash for content creation. In the meantime, advertising management has shifted from simple web-based dashboards to more advanced server systems. For instance, Google launched AdWords that provide a keyword-based search engine for advertising which has transformed how advertisers reach their target consumers. This is because the marketers only needed to define their campaign target users, budgets, and keywords while the platform automatically matched advertisements to relevant user queries. It has improved the exposure of each advertisement as it is shown in the search result not only in a specific webpage. (Ungureanu & Popescu, 2022)

Digital and Programmatic Era (2000s–2020s)
The real transformation came with programmatic advertising started from, where companies start using algorithm to automate the buying and selling of advertising space. Platforms like Google Adsense removed the need for direct negotiation between advertisers and publishers. These systems are divided into two main components: 
Demand-Side Platforms (DSPs) - allow advertisers to bid on advertising slots in real time through dashboards.
Supply-Side Platforms (SSPs) - help publishers manage and monetize their advertising inventory. 
Online advertising platforms have evolved by integrating machine learning algorithms and large volumes of user data, transforming the ecosystem into an automated marketplace. (Ungureanu & Popescu, 2022) 
In 2010 smartphone gradually becoming the mainstream consumer devices that lead to a turning point of advertising. It evolved from SMS-only advertising to Internet advertising, and with its larger user base, it has influenced the market strategy from desktop-centric to mobile-first. This was demonstrated in 2016 when mobile advertisement spends surpassed desktop advertising. Furthermore, mobile application such as social media and e-commerce platform has become popular and have introduced cross app advertising, where users click on an advertisement within an app will be directed to promoted app. This caused the rapid evolution of visual creation and editing tools on mobile devices like Instagram, CapCut and Canva to facilitate content creation on the same device. (Maddodi & Upadhyaya, 2023) At 2020s, most of the advertising platforms still the same, but the advertising workflows has been transformed by deep learning. For example, it enables features like market strategy planning, background removal, images generation and video generation. All these factors are driving digital advertising towards automated, personalized and data driven campaigns. (Hartmann et al., 2024) 

2.2.2 AIDriven Advertising Workflows and Design
Artificial Intelligence changing advertisement industries rapidly. The amount of money spent on AI-powered advertising hit USD 370 billion in 2022, and experts predict this will increase to over USD 1.3 trillion in the next ten years. The advertising industry has begun to adopt AI to improve efficiency, generate ideas, create advertisement drafts, and improve targeting and personalization with proper prompts. (Huh et al., 2023) 
One study has mentioned how designers interact with AI to create advertisements and marketing, which involve a set of workflows, including discovering, creating, training, visualization, testing and regulating. (Yang Shi, 2023) This highlights why existing Generation AI (GenAI) tools often fail to meet the specific design needs of SMEs as they lack formal training and design experience. (Karnatak et al., 2025) While the GenAI tools inherently reply on clear inputs to generate effective output, small business owners hard to describe their creative ideas in a formal that AI can understand. (Shi et al., 2023) Beyond this communication challenge, SMEs required advertisements that reflect their brand’s unique identity to stand out from the competitive market. (Karnatak et al., 2025) To bridge this gap, many SMEs end up hiring design and marketing expert who are familiar with the brand, understand advertising regulations and know the culture of the target user's country to provide accurate prompt context. 
Current advanced AI systems can handle different stages of the entire advertising process, each with the ability to tailor advertisements to specific audiences and marketing conditions. (Islam et al., 2024) However, these powerful capabilities bring serious ethical concerns. Gao et al. argue that while AI revolutionizes advertising, it also brings ethical issues around privacy, manipulation, discrimination, and lack of transparency that must be addressed for responsible use. Research warns that perceived risk and ethical concern is significant to shape consumer trust and attitudes towards AI marketing. (Gao et al., 2023) Therefore, as an AI platform for advertising and marketing industries, it is essential put in place guardrails to ensure all AI-generated advertisements sent by the company are consistent, stable, and error-free to ensure consumers do not perceive AI advertising negatively.

2.2.3 Challenges for Global SMEs to Advertise in Malaysia
Not only Global SMEs, but Malaysian SMEs also face major challenges when creating digital marketing campaigns for the country's diverse ethnic groups. After years of persuasion from government agencies, Malaysian SMEs are optimistic about digitally boosting their business, but their digital adoption rate is still low. (Tai & Baskaran, 2023) Based on the 2023-2024 updates in MDEC’s 100 Go Digital Initiative, only 21,591 SMEs had adopted digitalization compared to more than 900,000 SMEs in Malysia. (Azuar & Nehru, 2024) This is also proven by a study, which found that only 19.7% of SMEs have successfully adopted Internet marketing. (Lam, 2025) Many of them have limited resources and lack the digital skills needed to run advanced marketing campaigns compared to larger multinational companies (MNCs). (Tai & Baskaran, 2023) This problem becomes even more acute when they try to target different cultural groups separately. The study reveals that while Malaysian businesses understand the importance of digital marketing, they are still weak in strategic understanding and effective implementation skills. (Mandy Mok & Lim, 2021). This shows a barrier for business to create advertisements that speak to Malay, Chinese, and Indian audiences in culturally appropriate ways.
The success of SME marketing is highly dependent on understanding local customer needs. Research confirms that market innovation and localization-focused customer orientation are highly positively correlated with business performance (Aziz et al., 2021). Therefore, SMEs need to understand the cultural preferences of different groups. Recent finding shows that social media marketing campaigns significantly impact Malaysian consumers' purchasing behaviour, especially when the content is tailored and engaging (Borhan et al., 2024). However, many SMEs still struggle to stand out due to branding and communication limitations (Asha, 2023). This clearly requires tools to help SMEs create culturally relevant campaigns without deep expertise in each ethnic community or complex operations.

2.2.4 Cultural and Linguistic Missteps in Advertising
Even today’s large global brands make serious mistakes when advertising across cultures. Based on case multiple case studies, they have proved that marketing that works successful in one country can fail or even be offensive in another. (Kadam & Goel, 2025) These failures typically fall into clear patterns which are ignoring social and political sensitivities, lack of cultural awareness, poor translation, and failure to research local sensitivities before launch.  (Cultural Sensitivity Study, 2025).

No.
Case Name
Issues Description
Category
1
HYGR Deodorant LRT Advertisement (South China Morning Post , 2025)
Showed a dark-skinned man with Hindu marks is accused of being smelly by the passenger opposite and is seen as targeting and stereotyping Hindu individuals.
Racial and religious insensitivity
2
Nippon Sushi TikTok Promo with local influencer “CEO Batu” ( The Vibes, 2022)
Imitating the Japanese language while taping the sides of the eyes to look oblique, this considered disrespectful in a multiracial society
Cultural and linguistic insensitivity
3
Padini “Diet” Social Media Video (Malay Mail, 2025)
Implied customers should “go on a diet” rather than blame Padini’s clothing sizes.
Body image and psychological insensitivity
4
Mixue a Racist Job Advertisement (Dzulqarnain & Nadia, 2025)
Recruitment criteria only accept Chinese and Malays, which is widely considered racial and discriminatory
Racial discrimination
Table 2 Culturally Insensitive Marketing Malaysia
Table 2 shows real-world problems example. This is especially obvious in Southeast Asia as SMEs still struggle how to balance global brands consistency and localization, which often lead to low engagement, occasional reputation damage and public outrage. (Saipul, 2024) To succeed, brands need more than just translation but a true local insight. The study also said that cultural sensitivity is a strategy imperative determining the success or failure of advertisement campaigns. (Nwodo et al., 2025) Current localization trends also show this shift, where successful advertisements now employing local language and visual styles and partnering with regional influencers who understand their communities. (Saipul, 2024) 
2.2.5 Regulatory Framework for Digital Advertising in Malaysia
The Content Code 2022 version three has stated that advertisers must ensure the content complies with Malaysian law and must not include material that offends the religious, royal, political or racial sensitivity. (Content Forum Malaysia, 2022) This is latest guideline for digital advertising in Malaysia. The updated Code highlight the new prohibition, restriction and requirements for advertising that targeting children and clarifies the conditions for online alcohol advertising. (Skrine, 2022) A article also emphasize that the regulation has extends to online marketplace, operator and influencer. (Chun Hau Ng, 2022)
Malaysia advertising is governed by a mix between sector specific laws and self-regulatory codes, with special rules for specific product.  In line with self-regulation codes, the system expects advertisements to be truthful, not misleading, and socially responsible. (Jafar & Adnan, 2024) Understanding these rules is crucial for any automated marketing tool operating in Malaysia. Platforms need to verify that they comply with restrictions on religion, race, children's content, and alcohol before going live. This is especially important for SMEs that may not have a legal team to review their advertisements.

2.2.6 Cultural and Ethnic Sensitivities for Digital Advertising in Malaysia
Malaysia's three main ethnic groups have different cultural values and expectations that affect how they respond to advertising. The analysis concluded that advertisements with culturally adapted value propositions were more persuasive and popular than those that were culturally incompatible. (Hornikx et al., 2023) For example, they consciously incorporate festival-themed advertisement particular during holiday like Chinese New Year, Hari Raya and Deepavali to foster emotional connection with multicultural audiences through reunion story and culturally resonant content. The conducted advertisements also provide different cultural symbols, language, and values of each ethnic group for better audience engagement and brand visibility. (Mohamed et al., 2024) 
As noted in cross culture studies, cultural marketing is significant in Malaysia because identity is closely linked to ethnicity and region. For example, local Chinese culturally different from China Chinese students. (Rohman et al., 2025) Therefore, the Malaysian market requires different approaches for different segments because different segments respond to different messages. An effective approach for Chinese New Year activities that may not be suitable for Hari Raya or Deepavali promotions.
Cultural theory confirms that values, colours, symbols, social norms, social principles, taboos, and communication styles significantly affect the perception of advertising messages in different cultures (Akolkar et al., 2024). One key finding is that when ads are only targeted to a certain group of people, non-target audiences feel excluded or see hierarchies (Shaddy et al., 2025). This indicates that brands need to create multiple versions of the campaign or adopt an inclusive approach to fit the market. An AI platform that understands these cultural differences and can adapt content accordingly will help marketers avoid cultural missteps while effectively reaching all communities.


2.3 Similar Systems
This section provides a comparative analysis of the similar systems identified in the literature. Each system is examined in terms of problem solving, technical implementation, key features, and inherent limitations. This analysis provides a foundation for evaluating the current system idea.
2.3.1 Agentic Multimodal AI for HyperPersonalized B2B and B2C Advertising: An AIDriven Competitive Advertising Framework (Srinivas et al., 2025)
Description
Srinivas et.al propose an AI-driven framework for hyperpersonalized competitive advertising in the chemical and fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) domain with some experiment and evaluation to validate the effectiveness of the framework.  It solves how to leverage foundation models to generate competitive, hyper-personalized, and compliant advertisements for multiple products and personas without the need for expensive real time A/B testing.
System Functional Workflow
Three interconnected subsystems:
MAAMS (Multimodal Agentic Advertisement Market Survey) – agents for Text, Image, Video, Finance, Market collect and analyse web, social, and financial data.​

Figure 1 MAAMS framework (Srinivas et al., 2025)
PAG (Personalized Market-Aware Targeted Advertisement Generation) – take MAAMS knowledge and simulated personas to generate personalize and multilingual advertisements.

Figure 2 PAG framework (Srinivas et al., 2025)
CHPAS (Competitive Hyper-Personalized Advertisement System) – takes PAG outputs and differentiates advertisements for competing products, optimizing per person and avoiding cannibalization.​

Figure 3 CHPAS framework (Srinivas et al., 2025)
Tech Stack Usage
Parts
Tech
Frontend
Not mention
Meta Agent
GPT-4o + Open-Domain Question Answering (ODQA) wit Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG)
Text Agent
GPT-4o + SerpAPI
Image Agent
GPT-4o + SerpAPI + Instagram and Pinterest APIs
Video Agent
GPT-4o + YouTube API
Finance Agent 
GPT-4o + Bloomberg and Yahoo Finance
Market Agent
GPT-4o + Statista and Google Trends via Pytrends
Knowledge Base
MAAMS pipeline output
Advanced Curator Agent
GPT-4o
Social media Agent
GPT-4o
Reward Model
NVIDIA Nemotron-4-340b-reward model
LLM-as-Judge
GPT-4o
Table 3 Tech Stack (Srinivas et al., 2025)
Evaluation Method
Click-through rate (CTR) - Compare the average CTR of initialized, personalized, and hyper-personalized advertisements with simulated humanistic colony of agents to evaluate and optimize advertisements under synthetic but real-world market conditions. The evaluation involves three different AI model tests.
Advertisement Quality Scores - Evaluate across multiple dimensions such as coherence, helpfulness, complexity, correctness and verbosity through LLM as judgment assessment, reward model scoring and human evaluation.
Key Findings
Hyper-personalized advertisements consistently achieve higher CTR across multiple products and models.
Degree of personalization matters more than the specific foundation model used.
Synthetic personality experiments can simulate real-world behaviour and maintain privacy because it reduces the need for live A/B testing.
Key Features
Chatbot application​
Agentic advertising pipeline from market research to advertisement generation.
Hyper-personalized advertisement based on persona libraries and simulated behaviour.
Integrates safety regulations and technical constraints for chemical products into message generation.​

2.3.2 ACAI for SBOs: AI Co-creation for Advertising and Inspiration for Small Business Owners (Karnatak et al., 2025)
Description
Karnatak et al. propose a web based, multi-step GenAI-powered multimodal advertisement creation tool that requires user input across different panels. The system will aggregate all user inputs and pass super prompts to the AI model to generate professional guides for human designers to design advertisements. This system solves the company's difficulty in communicating specific advertising needs to designers, bridging the gap between client needs and creative execution.
System Functional Workflow

Figure 4 ACAI prototype pipeline (Karnatak et al., 2025)
Branding Panel - Enter brand and advertisement information including brand values, logo and styles. 
Audience & Goal Panel - Define target audience, advertising goal and desired emotion.
Super Prompt - Combines all user inputs from the three panels into single detailed prompt.
Advertisement Brief Generation - Pass super prompt to AI model through API calls to generate advertisement summaries, backgrounds, and foreground information
Visual Advertisement Creation- Human designers create the final visual advertisement based on AI-generated advertisement briefs and user resources.



Tech Stack Usage
Parts
Tech
Main AI Model
Gemini 1.5 Pro Preview
Frontend
Java Script
Table 4 Tech Stack (Karnatak et al., 2025)
Evaluation Method
Wizard-of-Oz User Study - 16 small business owners from diverse section used ACAI in lab sessions to create advertising content guidance based on their own brand assets. Then, the generated advertisements brief is then passed to a human designer to produce the actual visual advertisements. Participants then review both the advertisement brief and the visual output to provide qualitative feedback, including whether the results align with the summary provided and whether the final advertisements meet their expectations. 
Key Findings
The findings shows that small business owners view AI as a tool in the design process rather than as a substitute for designers. The study concludes that there are three specific techs needed for future tools:
Contextual Intelligence - The AI understands the specific business situation by using long term memory for brand consistency, cross-session design recall, temporal awareness and real-time feedback storage.

Figure 5 Contextual Intelligence Design (Karnatak et al., 2025)
Adaptive Interactions - Provide a fluid control interface to ensure that different types of users have different interfaces, such as for novice design users, who usually want to enter the least amount of input to get the desired results.
Data Management - Better ways to handle business data, including storing data locally, and increasing transparency by explaining how the system works.
Key Features
Web-based application​
Multi-panel layout user interface guides users to provide the information needed to pass to the AI model to generate design guidance for easier communication with human designers.

2.3.3 Neural Insights for Digital Marketing Content Design (Kong et al., 2023)
Description
Kong et al. present a groundbreaking neural insights tool for evaluating and improving multimodal digital advertisement creative which able to increase likelihood of successful content experiments.  The system predicts content attractiveness and saliency through multimodal neural networks. Subsequently, it applies post-hoc attribution methods to extract and deliver possible design suggestions through an interactive dashboard. This help marketers to understand why content performs and how to improve advertisements.
System Functional Workflow

Figure 6 Process of how neural insight tools work (Kong et al., 2023)
Multimodal Encoding - Separately encodes image, text, and domain metadata.

Figure 7 Architecture of multi-model neural network (Kong et al., 2023)
Attribution-Based Insight Generation - Uses post-hoc methods to assign contribution scores to image region and text token. 
Recommendation - Clustered the top and bottom 10 images region using K-Means on ResNet-18 embeddings. Similar for text recommendations except they referenced the attribution score.

Figure 8 Multimodal Recommendation System (Kong et al., 2023)
Human Interruption in the Loop - Based on the neural recommendations, digital markets will decide whether to advertise to the online marketplace or optimize and invest in the system to regain insights.

Tech Stack Usage
Parts
Tech
Frontend 
Not mention
Image Encoding
ResNet-18
Text Encoding
BERT
Domain Encoding & Feature Encoding 
MLP
Attribution Model
GradCam, Integrated Gradients, Kernel SHAP, Feature Ablation, PCA, Multimodal Neural Network
Table 5 Tech Stack (Kong et al., 2023)
Evaluation Method
RMSE Reduction
MAE Reduction
Pairwise Accuracy

Key Features
Web-based application​
The dashboard presents the analysis from neural network that combines marketing content created by digital marketers and historical data from online marketplaces. It shows original creative plus overlays for positive and negative words and image regions.​ 

Key Findings
The model’s attractiveness predictions align well with real online experiment results.
Marketers reported that the visual and text attributions were interpretable and useful for improving creatives.
Demonstrates that multimodal and explainable AI can support creative decision-making, not just targeting.
2.3.4 Influencer: Empowering Everyday Users in Creating Promotional Posts via AI-infused Exploration and Customization (Liu et al., 2024)
Description
Liu et al. introduced Influencer that combines image and caption recommendation, context aware exploration using brand constraints, human interruption in loop for customization and deliver multiple alternatives social media content in a mind map layout. It solves the challenge of creating high quality and eye-catching promotional post for design novice who struggle with ideation and technical complexity of the professional design tools.
System Functional Workflow

Figure 9 Process of how Influencer work (Liu et al., 2024)
Define the promotional topic.
Recommends related images (semantics, colour, and object) and captions (product, activity, advertisement) based on context. 
Combines text and images to and send request to AI model to generate new content.
Users can explore the mind map-like user interface to mix, match, and optimize content. 



Tech Stack Usage
Parts
Task
Tech
Frontend
Mind map-based UI
Not Mention
Dataset Building
Build keyword association dataset
Small World Dataset

Collect and categorize promotional images
• Pinterest
• MMDetection + SAHI
Image & Caption Recommendation
Semantic image recommendation
• OFA• mDeBERTa-v3

Colour image recommendation
• ColorThief

Object image recommendation
• MMDetection + SAHI

Caption recommendation
• GPT-4
Context-Aware Exploration
Text context → Update images
• OFA• mDeBERTa-v3

Text context → Update captions
• GPT-4

Image context → Update images
• MMDetection + SAHI• ColorThief• OFA• mDeBERTa-v3

Image context → Update captions
• OFA • GPT-4
Text-Based Fusion
Text fused with image
• OFA• DALL·E

Text fused with caption
• GPT-4
Image-Based Fusion
Image fused with image
• OFA• DALL·E

Image fused with caption
• OFA • GPT-4
Table 6 Tech Stack (Liu et al., 2024)
Summary of core model: Image Captioning: ofa_imagecaption_coco_large_en (OFA), Text Classification: mDeBERTa-v3, Text/Caption Generation: GPT-4, Image Generation: DALL·E, Object Detection: MMDetection + SAHI, Colour Extraction: ColorThief


Evaluation Method
Within Subjects Controlled User Study - 12 design novices compared their proposed system against a baseline (Google Search and Figma) across three specific tasks (Product, Activity and Brand-based promotion)
Quantitative - Data on task completion rate and Creativity Support Index (CSI) were collected through questionnaires to measure their enjoyment, exploration, expressiveness, immersion, and the degree of effort worthwhile of the results.
Quantitative - Collect feedback on user experience and utility of specific features through semi-structured interviews.
Expert Evaluation - Recruited expert designer to rate and analyse participants promotional post design.

Key Features
Web-based application​
Users can drag a brand image or text prompt onto a recommendation block to instantly update results to match that context, or fuse two elements such as a style image and a subject image to create a new, harmonious post. 
Key Findings
Propose system significantly outperformed the baseline in task completion and CSI scores.
Context-aware and multi-directional recommendations reduced brainstorming effort.
Mind map layout helped users track ideas and design decisions.

2.3.5 Comparative Analysis of Academic AI Advertising Systems

System
Target Users
Goal
Core framework
Strengths
Limitation
Adopted Extra Features
Proposed Improvement
(Srinivas et al., 2025)
Marketing teams in FMCG sectors
Generate competitive, hyper-personalized advertisements
Multiagent framework that combining personas, RAG and reward-based advertisement optimization

Integrated with market research and persona discovery before advertisements creation
Creates text-only advertisements, no multimedia
Focus FMCG sector only
Multi-agent workflow orchestration for automated persona discovery
Add SME onboarding for company context and multimedia localization
(Karnatak et al., 2025) (ACAI)
Small Business Owners
Generate structured advertisement design briefs via guided interface
Super prompts with brand context.
Combine brand details with SMEs context in the prompt to improves output quality
Cannot create distinct brand identities for different competitors within same industry.
Do not provide advertisements generation.
SME onboarding capture company context for generation process

Automate final multimedia ad generation with compliance checking

(Kong et al., 2023) (Neural Insights)
Digital marketers & analysts

Analyse and improve advertisement creatives
Multimodal neural networks with post-hoc attribution
Highlights influential visual and textual elements that can improve advertisement performance
Only can give recommend and insight from historical and marketing content provided. 
Cannot generate truly novel designs.
No explicit causal awareness architecture
Visual and text performance attribution
Integrate explainability for cultural and regulatory compliance scores
(Liu et al., 2024) (Influencer)
Design novices and content creators
Generate image advertisements and captions for promotion
Mind-map interface with AI-assisted image recommendation (sematic, colour, object) and caption recommendation (product, activity) 
Provided transparent workflow via visual history
Limited visual analysis capability. 
No collaboration features.
Systematic creative exploration dimensions are limited
Add a mind-map workflow history visualization
to improve traceability
Add collaborative editing and improve campaign automation.
Table 7 Comparative Analysis for Academic System

2.3.6 Comparative Analysis of Commercial AI Advertising Systems

Platform
Target Users
Goal
Strengths
Limitation
Adopted Extra Features
Proposed Enhancement
Creatify.ai
E-commerce brands and performance marketers
Create user-generated content style video advertisements
Provides industry trend discovery
Competitor creative analysis
Batch video variations
Direct social platform publishing
No visual analysis with compliance culture-sensitive checking
No automated modification to the problematic content in the multimodal advertisement
No nation-specific event awareness
No handle audio specific advertisement

None

Video analytics and compliance scoring systems evaluate content against local regulations and culture sensitivity before publication.
Timestamp modifications for videos enable precise AI editing at specific moments.
Has nation-specific event awareness
Add audio advertisement creations and editing
AdCreative.ai
E-commerce brands and social media marketers
Generate conversion-optimized banner advertisements
Creative scoring
Competitor creative analysis
Product photoshoots, and utility suite for image enhancement
Product video generator using proven copywriting framework

None 

Quickads.ai
Social media marketers
Effortless advertisements
Fastest workflow
Accessing twenty million advertisements library
Creates tailored video and image creatives
Provide advertisements performance optimization

Prepared an advertisements library, not only real-time trending content from the social media.

Predis.ai
Small businesses and social media managers
Generate multi-platform social media advertisements 
Generates video, static, animated ads from text 
Supports nineteen languages
Maintains brand consistency automatically
Supports more than forty social platforms with competitor monitoring

Provide more social media platform support

Table 8 Comparative Analysis with Commercial System


2.3.7 Lesson Learn

Several design decisions in the proposed system are directly informed by lessons from existing frameworks:
Contextual (from ACAI)
In Karnatak et al.'s ACAI system has showed the importance of capturing the company's initial background. It uses a brand panel where users input brand values, logos, and style before generating an advertisement. Similarly, the proposed system should implement an onboarding process that captures company-specific information. This ensures that all subsequent AI-generated content aligns with the company's established image.
Traceability (from Influencer)
Liu et al.'s system allows users to iteratively optimize based on previous selections and uploads, maintaining a history of exploration to guide recommendations. This mind-map-based history promotes transparency and trust in the system by clearly showcasing intermediate steps, helping users better understand what happens during the content generation process. Inspired by the design, the proposed system presents AI-generated suggestions with a visible history of modifications, allowing users to review ads one by one before revising or finalizing them.
Explainability (from Neural Insight)
From Kong et al.'s approach to neural insights, the importance of interpretability in AI-generated recommendations is emphasized. Their system provides post-mortem attribution, showing which visual or textual elements positively or negatively impact advertisement performance. The proposed system should integrate a similar feedback mechanism to explain why certain cultural adaptations are recommended or why certain content may violate MCMC guidelines.

2.4 Technical Research 
2.4.1 Client-Side framework and Server-Side framework

Framework
 Choices
Justification
Client-Side 
 React and Plain JavaScript
The component-based user interface makes it easier to modularize complex processes flow.
Strong community ecosystem with external libraries reduces custom code and development time.
Supported by most hosting providers and build tools.

Server-Side
 FastAPI
It is under python language which can support most of the AI Model access issues
Provide async request handling that is efficient for inbound and outbound workloads
Very lightweight and can run on medium size devices or low-cost cloud instances.
 
Table 9 Client-side and Server-Side Framework


2.4.2 Hardware and Software Usage (Updated)
Hardware 
Component
Specification
Processor
Any modern 64bit CPU
RAM
4.0+ GB 
System Type
64-bit operating system, x64-based processor
Storage
20 GB free disk space
Table 10 Hardware minimum requirement
Justification: The project is conducted student’s personal device which is a Dell Inspiron 15 3525 with an AMD Ryzen 5 5625U processor, 64-bit architecture, 16 GB of RAM and an additional 200 GB of usable storage. These specifications exceed minimum hardware requirements and are sufficient for development tasks such as code implementation, compilation, testing, and local server running. Any model training will not happen within the device but using external cloud-based platforms such as Google Colab or AWS SageMaker will be used when required. 
Software
Component
Specification
Node.js
20.19+ or 22.12+
Python
3.12.x
React
19
Vite
8
FFmpeg
6.x or latest
Table 11 Software Target Version
Justification: The adoption of the latest version of Vite can optimize frontend build performance, effectively reducing the time required for “npm run build”. For this, it is required to use Node.js 20.19+ or 22.12+ (Vite, 2025) that marked as Long Tern Support (LTS) designed to be the most reliable version (VersionLog, 2026). While for the Python, version 3.12.x is chosen because it is the most stable and supports most AI libraries in the latest version. (Python, 2026) FFmpeg also need to separately download as it is a separate host level system utility to programmatically trim audio, combine audio tracks, extract video keyframes, overlay voiceovers, and output the final rendered media content.
2.4.3 Integrated Development Environment (IDE)
IDE
Specification
Visual Studio Code
1.109 (latest)
Table 12 IDE Selection
Justification: Based on the analysis from (Chan, 2025), the most desired and admired IDE among developers in 2025 is Visual Studio Code, as its ecosystem for web development and backend development are very comprehensive.


2.4.4 Libraries and tools (Updated)
The frontend and backend libraries utilized in the development of JusAds have been selected to ensure robust performance, scalability, and type-safety. The following tables document the libraries actually integrated into the final codebase after cross-referenced with `package.json` and `requirements.txt`.
Frontend (React + JavaScript)
Library
Version
Purpose
Justification
React
19.2.6
Component-based UI framework
Enables declarative UI design with state-driven rendering.
React Router
7.15.1
Application routing
Handles navigation, route parsing, and page layouts dynamically without browser page refreshes.
GSAP
3.15
Animation engine
Implement high performance and responsive animated UI.
Tailwind CSS
4.3.0
Styling utility framework
Fast utility first CSS styling with built-in support for custom themes, dark mode, and responsive design.
lucide react
1.14.0
Vector icon asset library
Provide a comprehensive library with prebuilt and scalable SVG icons in React components, which maintain user interface consistency.
shadcn / Radix UI
4.7.0
Accessible UI primitives
Unstyled UI components that are allowed to decorate with custom CSS utility styles.
oidc-client-ts
3.1.0
AWS Cognito OAuth Auth
Handle token acquisition, authentication and session control.
Recharts
3.8.0
Data visualization charts
Render performance, risk and engagement analysis inside a dashboard.
Table 13 Frontend Library
Backend (Python)
Library
Version
Purpose
Justification
FastAPI
0.137.0
Async Asynchronous Server Gateway Interface (ASGI) framework
Delivers REST APIs and real-time Server-Sent Events (SSE)
Uvicorn
0.49.0
ASGI Web Serve
Serves as the high-speed ASGI web server to host and run the FastAPI application.
google-genai
2.8.0
Vertex AI Integration
Accesses Gemini 2.5 Flash, Gemini Flash Lite, Imagen 4, and Google Veo 3.1 APIs with unified SDK usage.
boto3
1.43.29
AWS S3 Media Storage Client and Transcribe Service
Provides the Python SDK for AWS services
langchain-core
1.4.7
Sequential agent & Tools handling
Provides core abstractions, message schemas, and standard interfaces for LLM-based agent tools.
langgraph
1.2.5
Agentic orchestration
Builds execution graphs with states, transitions, loops, and human-in-the-loop interruption gates
supabase
2.31
Relational database client
Store system data, agent output, compliance rules with the PostgreSQL database.
qdrant-client
1.18.0
Vector DB client
Executes cosine similarity search to the pre-computed prompt template embedings.
elevenlabs
2.52.0
Multilingual Text to Speech, Voice Clone, Voice Dub
Provides the system's main speech generation and modification model APIs
pycapcut
0.7.26
CapCut draft generator
Compiles generated images, video clips, and audio tracks into editable project drafts.
pyJianYingDraft
0.2.7
JianYing draft generator

torch
2.12.0
CLIPSeg
Local execution of CLIPSeg for locating and segmenting component in image.
torchvision
0.27.0


transformers
5.12.0


zernio-sdk
1.4.198
Social media distribution
Handles publishing mechanisms to distribute content to social platforms and track its live analytics.
tavily-python
0.7.26
Realtime search and research tools
Enables AI agents to search the web to gather latest compliance regulations and market research.
pydantic
Latest
Data schema validation
Defines strict type-safe schemas for request parsing and response modeling with FastAPI.
apify_client 
3.0.4
Online Trending Analytics & Web Scraping
Connects to the Apify cloud platform to run scraping actors to extract online marketing trends, popular social media hashtags, and viral campaign analytics.
Table 14 Backend Library
2.4.4 AI Model Comparison and Selection (Updated)
The table below lists the selection of model classes evaluated during the system study. The actual system implementation uses Gemini 2.5 Flash, Imagen 4.0, ElevenLabs Multilingual v3, and Google Veo 3.0/3.1 as the core model pipeline.

Text Models (Script + Localization + Guardrails)
Purpose in this system:
Interpret campaign briefs.
Generate culturally adapted variants for Malay, Chinese and Indian segments.
Provide explanations and justifications for compliance decisions.
Apply guardrails on prompts and outputs to avoid toxicity, bias and illegal content request.
Detect potentially sensitive or noncompliant visual elements by showing the timeframe and event happened.

Tool/API
 Core Capabilities
 Supported Language 
 Pricing (Standard version)
 Selection Verdict
Amazon Nova Pro
 Multimodal-to-Text
 200+ languages
All ModalitiesInput: $0.0008/1000 tokensOutput: $0.0032/1000 tokens






OpenAI Guardrails (Wang & Li, 2025)
 Text to Text
 119 languages 
Free, but not a standalone model and need to combine with the LLM model, which cause extra tokens needed.
0 nb 
TwelveLabs Pegasus 1.2 (TwelveLabs, 2026):
Videototext and multimodal understanding: 
scene descriptions
event detection
object and onscreen text recognition
temporal grounding
Full support: English
Partial support: Arabic, Chinese, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish, Thai, Vietnamese

Video Input$0.00049 per seconds for video
Text Output$0.0075/1000 tokens

Table 15 Text Model
Justification: Based on the model findings in Table 5 above, we will accept all these selections because each of them has unique compliance capabilities in a multi-model system. Specifically, for compliance checks for text and images, we will rely on the Nova Pro model. At the same time, prompts sent by users will be filtered through OpenAI's guardrail model filters. For video visualization, we chose Pegasus because it excels in video analytics. Finally, for audio, we are looking for a solution that either transcodes it into text or is fed directly into the Nova Pro model for integrated analysis. However, the current AI industry is changing rapidly, and the above will change if there are better options.
Image model (generate + edit)
Purpose in this system:
Generate or edit advertisement visuals including backgrounds, objects and style.
Perform light English overlay text (e.g., brand names) on images.
Adapt creatives visually to cultural context (festivals, colours, symbols).

Tool/API
 Core Capabilities
Supported Language  
 Pricing (Standard version)
Amazon Nova Canvas 
Text-to-Image, Image-to-Image, Inpainting, Outpainting, Background removal, Style control
English only
Image (up to 1024 x 1024)$0.04/image
Image (up to 2048 x 2048)$0.06/image
Max prompt length: 1,024 characters
Amazon Titan Image Generator v2 
Text-to-image, Image-to-image, Inpainting, Outpainting, Background removal, Image conditioning

Image (up to 512 x 512)$0.008/imageImage (more than 512 x 512)$0.01/image
Max prompt length: 512 characters
Segment Anything Model 3 (SAM 3) (Meta, 2025)
Text prompts for object detection, segmentation, and tracking in images and videos.

Open-source model but must be self-hosted. Cannot directly estimated the price, as it is based on the host environment.
Table 16 Image model
Justification: Based on the model findings in Table 6 above, Amazon Nova Canvas is used for image editing because it highly supports higher effective resolutions and can put longer and details prompt. When it comes to image generation, Amazon Titan Image Generator v2 is preferred when we need unified product appearance and brand colour control, as its image adjustment supports multiple reference images and precise colour palette control, making it ideal for standard product posters. SAM 3 can provide fine-grained, concept-driven masks with text or dot prompts, but require separate self-hosting and integration, while Nova Canvas and Titan can be prompted to focus on specific areas or objects through their respective masking and healing interfaces. However, the current AI industry is changing rapidly, and the above will change if there are better options.Voice generation (TTS) for EN / Chinese / Malay / Cantonese / Indian
Purpose in this system
Convert localized scripts to speech in English, Malay, Chinese, Cantonese, and Indian languages.
Transcribe and translate voice content, then produce voiceover for generated or edited advertisement videos.
Tool/API
 Core Capabilities
 Supported Language 
 Pricing (Standard version)
Amazon Nova 2 Sonic
Speech-to-speech
Speech-to-text
English, Spanish, German, French, Italian, Portuguese, and Hindi
Speech ModalitiesInput: $0.003/1000 tokensOutput: $0.012/1000 tokens
Text Modalities
Input: $0.00033/1000 tokensOutput: $0.00275/1000 tokens
Amazon Polly
Text to Speech
English, Chinese, Cantonese, Hindi, and more
$16 / 1M characters
Amazon Transcribe
Speech to text
Auto language recognition
English and several Asian languages
$0.024 per minute
Table 17 Voice Model

Justification: Based on the Table 8, Amazon Nova 2 Sonic seems not suitable for this project as it doesn’t support text to speech and return the audio type file like mp3. Moreover, it also has limited language support which does not cover Malay, Cantonese and Chinese as required for localized marketing voice overs. Therefore, the system will adopt the traditional way by using Amazon Transcribe as the main Speech to Text service, then translate to the dedicated language using any text model then pass the translated text to the Amazon Polly to generate the audio file that we need to combine with the video visual or the audio itself only. It supports most of the target language that the proposed system needed. However, the current AI industry is changing rapidly, and the above will change if there are better options.
Video Model (Generate + Edit)
Purpose in this system
Generate short marketing videos from prompts.
Replace noncompliant segments within an existing video with safe, stylized transitions or alternative scenes.
Align generated video segments with original footage duration and context.

Tool/API
 Core Capabilities
Supported Language 
 Pricing (Standard version)
Amazon Nova Reel 1.1  
Text-to-Video, Image-to-Video
English only
Video (720p and 24fps): $0.08/second
Luma Ray2
Text-to-Video, Image-to-Video, First-Last-Frame-to-Video, Video Editing

Video (540p and 24fps): $0.75/ second
Video (720p and 24fps): $1.50/second
Kling Video 3.0

Text-to-Video, Image-to-Video, First-Last-Frame-to-Video, Video Editing
English and Chinese
Video (720p, 24fps): $0.15/secondVideo (720p Audio, 24fps): $0.20/secondVideo (1080p, 24fps): $0.20/secondVideo (1080p Audio, 24fps): $0.30/second
Wan2.1-FLF2V (Team Wan, 2025) (WaveSpeedAI, 2026)
Text-to-Video, Image-to-Video, First-Last-Frame-to-Video, Video Editing

Video (Non 720p)$0.30/5second$0.45/10second
Video (720p)$0.40/5second$0.60/10second
Table 18 Video Model
Justification: Based on the comparison above, we current decided that Wan2.1-FKF2V will be our initial target model during the initial testing phase, as it is the cheapest based on the table and fulfil all the requirements for the project. However, the current AI industry is changing rapidly, and the above will change if there are better options.  

2.4.5 Storage and Database Management Systems
Database
Model Type
Purpose 
Justification
Supabase (PostgresSQL)
Relational (SQL)
Primary database for storing website operation information including:(1) User accounts, profiles, and workspace configurations.(2) Weekly trending content from mainstream social media platform. (3) Generated campaign assets metadata, (4) Compliance check results, violations and active task.
(5) Structured regulatory rules, platform-specific guidelines and target consumer personas.

Due to the complexity of relational dependencies, relational databases are chosen over NoSQL. The project requires strict CRUD transactions, reference integrity, and foreign key constraints to maintain data consistency. For example, when an item is deleted, all records related to its project ID are automatically removed. Relational databases also support efficient structured queries, allowing SQL to filter regulatory rules and target individuals by market, platform, or ethnicity
Qdrant
Vector DB
Vector database for storing document embeddings of: (1) Local marketing regulatory documents.  (2) Cultural context knowledge base, (3) Historical case study to support decisions making. 
Support semantic search implemented by RAG to retrieve relevant context for compliance checks. Vector similarity search can identify regulations related to marketing content, even if keywords do not match exactly.

Amazon S3
Object Storage
A serverless object storage service that can store any type of file, including audio, video, pictures, and text documents. It provides easily accessible URLs to retrieve and store objects. For video and audio content, S3 supports access to specific timestamps when used with video players or streaming solutions such as HTTP range requests or AWS Media Services.

Amazon Cognito 

The User Identity Service is primarily used to manage user authentication and account information. It supports features such as login, forgot password process, multi-factor authentication (MFA), session management, email and SMS sending, account activation or deactivation, and user status tracking. This helps avoid storing sensitive authentication data in the primary database.

Table 19 Database Selection
2.4.6 Operating System  
Operating System
Purpose
Windows 11 
It is used as the primary development operating system because it is currently the most widely adopted desktop OS. Most modern development tools provide first class support and documentation for window which enable easier debugging. In addition, it also supports Window Subsystem for Linux (WSL2), which allows Linux-based tools and libraries to be run natively inside Window when required. (Bowden, 2025) 
Ubuntu 
Many managed compute services such as AWS Lambda and Amazon EC2 rely on Amazon Linux 2. (AWS, 2026) When we are using docker or n8n, it also required Linus as default environment runtime.

Table 20 Operation System Selection

2.4.7 Web Server
Service
Justification
AWS Amplify Hosting
Fully managed service that deploys and serves frontend assets through Amazon CloudFront CDN. (AWS, 2024) This eliminated the need to configure traditional web server such as Nginx or Apache for static web hosting. It also provides services that connect directly to the repository to automatically validate, deploy, and automate HTTPS.
API Gateway
The API gateway acts as an application server layer to handle HTTP requests or proxy requests. (Nalluri, 2024) It routes the request to the appropriate Lambda function and returns the response to the client. This combination replaces traditional application servers, such as Tomcat or Uvicorn, with a serverless architecture.
Table 21 Web Server Selection
2.4.8 Web Browser
Browser
Justification
Google Chrome (Primary)
Primary development and testing browser (version 120+) for debugging error of the frontend and response result from the application server. It offers comprehensive developer tools and represents the world's largest browser market.
Microsoft Edge
Secondary testing browser (Chromium-based, version 120+) for validating enterprise user scenarios as it commonly uses in corporate environments.
Table 22 Web Browser Selection

2.5 Summary  

This chapter has concluded that the existing AI-assisted advertisement system are good at personalization and content generation, but weak at multimodal cultural and legal compliance check, and automated modifications of original advertisement. There is a real demand where global and local SMEs struggle to find a proper tool to that fully address the hyper-localization challenges. This project will fill this gap with a trend aware, nation-specific, multimodal system that integrates cultural knowledge, regulatory and guardrails across text, image, audio, and video. Then, it provides analysis and direct modification. Based on the similar system research, we have gained lesson on contextual intelligence, traceability and explainability to guide the design of the proposed system. These findings justify the chosen architecture and technology where React and JavaScript as client side, while FastAPI and Python for server side. Finally, it explains which libraries, tools, storage, and web servers will be used as presets for the proposed project.


CHAPTER 3: METHODOLOGY
3.2 System Development Methodology 
3.2.1 Introduction to Methodologies
The System Development Lifecycle (SDLC) is a framework of structure process that define how the system from planning, analysing, designing, developing and testing to the final deployment of information systems. (Shaikh, 2022) Based on this framework, it has born many different SDLC methodologies, each with its own advantages and disadvantages. Choosing the best methodology depends primarily on the project, such as the size and complexity of the project, the date, the number of developers, and team preferences. If an inappropriate development plan chosen, it can increase risk, create ambiguity for teams, and lead to delivery delays, resulting in nearly 70% of projects missing deadlines. (Hemhauser, 2024)
In common, the SDLC is separated into two primary approaches, which is the Traditional methodologies and Agile methodologies. Given the context that this is medium, university level project that must be completed within a fixed duration of approximately four months and is developed by only one team member. It also contains complex and evolving technologies that can create obstacles and uncertainties in the development process. As the result, the methodology must be lightweight, easy to track and mange, not heavy documentation and are flexible to change from the initial plan if anything changes. This makes Agile methodology the most suitable choice. In fact, Agile methodology has significantly increased the project success rate from 14% to 42% and that is why at least 75% of tech companies today use it. (Flynn, 2022)

Table 23 Project Success Rate in Agile vs Waterfall (Flynn, 2022)
The following table provides a comparison between the characteristics of Traditional and Agile methodology: (GeeksforGeeks, 2022)
Factor
Agile Methodology
Traditional Methodology
Development Approach
Iterative and incremental
Sequential
Feedback and Communication with Stakeholder
Required throughout the system development
Required only after completing each phase.
Flexibility
Flexible 
Rigid
Development Speed
Faster
Slower 
Cost Budget
Low
High
Documentation 
Lightweight documentation as it focuses on software 
Heavy documentation
Risk Management 
Risks are identified early
Risks are addressed at later stages
Changes Management
Can make changes in any stage
Cannot make changes after the phase is completed
Table 24 Agile vs Traditional Methodology











3.2.2 Methodology Comparison
There are several approaches exist in Aigle methodology, the table below presents a comparison of four distinct approaches which is Scrum, Kamban, Lean and Extreme Programming (XP). (Burak, 2024)

Criterion
Scrum
Kanban
Lean
XP
Core Focus
Iterative development in short time boxed sprints with regular feedback from users and stakeholders.
Visualizing the flow of work and limiting work in progress to improve flow and reduce bottlenecks.
Maximizing value by removing waste in processes, waiting time, and unnecessary work.
Code quality, technical excellence, and very frequent small releases to customers.
Team Structure
Scrum Master, Product Owner, Development Team
None
Flexible
Developer, Tester
Workflow
Sprint Based
Continuous flow
Continuous improvement
Continuous release and pair programming
Duration
Medium term: work in sprints of 1-4 weeks, and projects often last a few months.
Flexible length: continuous flow, good for very short work and ongoing long-term work.
Long term: used for long running improvement, usually many months or years.
Long term: used on products that live for many months or years with frequent releases.
Best Suited for
Small team of about 3-9 people who can collaborate closely.
One person or by small to medium team, because it only needs one share dashboard that shows clear work in progress.
One team or many teams of a product or organization
Small team of about 4-8 person, specifically programmer and tester who can work in pair closely.
Weakness
Can feel rigid in dynamic environments
Lead to unclear priorities or undefined deadlines if not properly control
Requires continuous evaluation of processes.

Difficult to adopt in non-technical or traditional environments, as it required close customer involvement and strong engineering discipline.

Table 25 Scrum vs Kanban vs Lean vs XP Methodology



3.2.3 Methodology Choice and Justification
The Kanban approach was chosen as the most suitable system development method for this project because it is flexible, lightweight, and suitable for a solo developer to create a system in limited academic time. Since this project involves multiple evolving components, it brings the necessity of continuous reprioritization rather than fixed sequential execution.​​ (Radigan, 2024)
Compared with Scrum, Kanban is more appropriate because Scrum depends on sprint planning, sprint commitment, and regular role-based team collaboration, while the project is developed by a single person and does not require a fixed sprint cycle. This makes Kanban more valuable as it more manageable, since new tasks, issues, or improvements can be added at any time without having to wait for the next sprint. This means that when stakeholders need additional features or changes or researcher find that limitations need to be modified, tasks can be added directly to the queue without waiting for meeting confirmation, as all tasks are done in parallel.
Compared with Lean, Kanban is more suitable because Lean is a boarder management philosophy that focuses on improving efficiency, reducing waste, and continuous improvement. It is often better suited for large scale operation rather than building project from scratch. On the other hand, Kanban provides a more direct and practical workflow mechanism. It helps us visualize tasks at different stages of completion by organizing them all on a single panel. For a solo academic project, having a workable task board and a clear work schedule is more important than adopting a large organizational framework.
Compared with XP, Kanban has better fit to this project because XP emphasizes intensive engineering practices such as rapid feedback, frequent testing, and development discipline for highly iterative software teams. On the other hand, Kanban serves a better process simplification and adaptability while avoiding unnecessary engineering overhead such as extra time and money.
Moreover, Kanban able to help limit the work in progress (WIP) for a member which refers as the numbers of task that is handle by the specific individual. (Siderova, 2023) This makes it easier for developers to manage workflow capabilities and prevent burnout and overload, as a new task will never added to the list if the current WIP is reached the limit. Since the project involved changing needs and quick adaptation, Kanban's flexible pull system was a perfect fit. As a result, Kanban has an advantage over other approaches because it supports continuous delivery, easier prioritization, and lower process overhead while maintaining structured progress tracking. This allows developers to easily track progress, quickly identify bottlenecks, and transition to new solutions promptly.

3.2.3 Activities and Processes 

The Kanban is a method to manage the task and improve the progress step by step. It helps teams see what task they need to do, control how much task for a person and improve gradually.  Kanban commonly organized into six phases, which is Backlog, Acknowledgement, Development, Testing, Deployment/UAT and Done. Each task is represented as a card and will move from left to right according to their current development status. This allows developers to clearly visualize project progress in a structured and flexible manner. (GreeksforGreeks, 2025)

Figure 10 Sample Kanban Board (Source: (GreeksforGreeks, 2025))



3.2.3.1 Principles of Kanban
Do not change everything immediately: Keep the way you work now and slowly improve.
Improve step by step: Focuses on small, incremental improvements instead of big changes, as small changes are more acceptable and less risky.
Respect current roles: Everyone retain their current job, responsibilities, and titles when adopting Kanban, which make the team feel comfortable.
Everyone can show leadership: Any team member can suggest improvements to make the workflow better, not just manager.

3.2.3.2 Key Practices of Kanban
Step 1. Visualize your Workflow

Figure 11 Kanban Method Handle Project Example (Vasiliauskas, 2022)
Every task is written on a card with its description, duration, due date, tags/labels and placed in a column that represent the task lifecycle. Therefore, we always see pending, ongoing, and complete immediately. The board consists of the following columns:
Backlog: The tasks that are paused due to a lower priority or the current task has reached the maximum number of outstanding tasks. 
To Do: The tasks that are ready to start but have not assign to any person yet.
In Progress: The tasks are actively being worked on.
Testing: The tasks that has completed but are undergoing validation or review
Improvement: The tasks that required further refinement or changes based on testing feedback. It will impact a new task in Backlog.
Completed: The tasks have successfully passed all the stage and are officially finished.
Step 2. Establish a Pull System

Figure 12 Kanban Pull System (GreeksforGreeks, 2025)
In Kanban, tass are pulled to the next stage when the team is ready, rather than pushing thew directly task to them. Each stage has “In Progress” and “Done” statuses. When a team completes a task, the task goes to the Done column. It then becomes a queue where the next team or next stage can take over the work based on necessity, priority and capability. This can reduce member multitasking, which result in higher throughput and make the flow faster. (GreeksforGreeks, 2025)
Step 3. Limiting Work in Progress (WIP)

Figure 13 Limit WIP Example (GreeksforGreeks, 2025)
The WIP limits control how many tasks we can handle at the simultaneously, which helps teams focus on completing tasks rather than starting many new tasks without completing them. When a task is finished in one stage, the next stage can take over and bring it to the next progress and release the current process capacity. However, if there are many tasks pile up in one stage and other teams have no task to do, they can help to clear it. All WIP limits should be adjusted after 3 to 4 weeks based on team capacity and historical data to enhance working experience. (GreeksforGreeks, 2025)

Step 4. Apply Pull Signals
 A pull signal happens when the number of cards in a column falls below the limit set by the Kanban pull system. This tells the previous column that the new task can move forward. Once the WIP limit is reached, next tasks must not be pulled until one task is completed and free the capacity. This helps avoid team burnout and ensures that they only take on the workload they can handle. This also ensures no tasks are forgotten or ignored. (GreeksforGreeks, 2025)

3.2.4 Conclusion
The Kanban Methodology is the most suitable approach for this project as it supports the efficient and timely development of a platform that integrates with AI and Machine Learning for SMEs. Its agile and flexible nature enables the project team to adapt to changing requirements and continuously improving and refining the system.
3.3 Data Gathering Design 
3.3.1 Data Collection Method
Interview is a qualitative data collection method in which researchers engage in purposeful and targeted conversations with one or more participants through face-to-face or online meetings. It is more useful when the research topic is rather complex and required to gather in-depth information about interviewees’ experiences, beliefs, and opinion. (Sahoo, 2022) Unlike surveys that collect preset answers, interviews can capture rich and contextual information through a series of open-ended questions, exposing the nuances of the requirements and experiences behind the business. (Acquah, 2023) 
Interviews can be conducted in three main forms depends on the nature and objectives of the study: (Sahoo, 2022)
Structured – Uses predetermined questions in a fixed order.
Semi-structured – Relies on asking questions within a preset thematic framework, but also with some flexibility.
Unstructured – Fully opened-ended question.
In this project, the researcher aims to collect qualitative information related to the interviewee’s experience with trending discovery, multilanguage and multiethnic advertising with cultural sensitivity and regulation compliance in current industries. Since the question might involve a lot of details or business logic, we are using semi-structure interview and allow interviewee to confirm some details in the question with their internal team first. The interview targets approximately three to four respondents. All the process of the interview follows ethical guidelines and has get approval from the project supervisor.

3.3.2 Interview Section
The interview consists of 5 sections with a total of 12 questions. The sections are introduction, demographic, workflow and trend tracking, cultural localization and diversity, regulations and compliance risks, open ended opinion and AI acceptance and prototype feedback.
Introduction Section The introduction introduces the interviewees to the terms and conditions, what the study about, what to do, and why they chose or contacted them for the interview. They will then be informed that participation is completely voluntary and can withdraw from the study at any time and for any reason, without explanation and without penalty. All information collected during the study will also be stored securely and confidentially. No identifying information such as the interviewee's name and company will be displayed in the final research paper.
Demographics Section (Open Ended) This section collects basic data including age, job title, SME type, industry, company size, year of experience, company background, target audience, main platform used and level of AI adoption in company. Understanding the business context of the interviewee is particularly crucial as it directly influences why they provide such opinion for each question. It also enables us to filter out some possible biasness in their answer.
Workflow and Trend Tracking (Questions 1-3) This section explores how interviewers' businesses go from trends, content, to publishing generative ads on a day-to-day basis. This includes the tools they use, which steps are slow or painful, and what trending information they really want to get.
Cultural Localization and Diversity (Questions 4-6) This section investigates how interviewee’s business adapt content for Malaysia’s different communities in terms of language choices, visuals, festive and local element. For other possible case, we also ask what make advertisement feels local, what makes localisation difficult and what they would need to trust AI-generated localized content.
Regulations and Compliance Risks (Questions 7-9)
This section focuses on identify how the interviewee’s business avoids offending religious and cultural sensitivity or breaking advertising rules when they want to make a hyper localize advertisement. It covers their current audit process, past backlash, and how automated compliance checkers fit into their current workflows and how much they trust it.

Open-ended Opinion and AI Acceptance (Questions 10-11)
This section captures interviewee broader views on AI in marketing, such as what an ideal assistant should do perfectly, opinion about AI-generated content, and what they think customers would react differently if they knew the advertisement was involved AI, including when to disclose AI use.
Prototype Feedback (Question 12)
This final section gathers reactions after interviewee try the prototype. They will be asked to try out a few basic features and share their honest feedback on its usability and helpfulness. For instance, what feels useful, what is missing, what should be improved, how well the prototype can fit their daily workflow.

3.3.3 Interview Questions

Part 1: Workflow and Trend Tracking
Q1. How do you currently decide what topics or styles are trending before you start a new marketing campaign and roughly how much time does that take you in a day?
Follow-up: Which platforms do you check? Do you find this process easy or frustrating?
Q2. Once you spot a trend, what does your process look like from that idea all the way to posting? What is the most time-consuming step?
Follow-up: Do you do this alone or with a team?
Q3. If there was a tool that could automatically show you daily trending topics or viral content that match your business, what kind of information would you need to see so that you trust and use it?
Follow-up: For example, would you want examples, engagement numbers, or suggested caption ideas?


Part 2: Cultural Localization and Diversity
Q4. Malaysia has Malay, Chinese, Indian, and other communities. How do you currently make sure your ads feel relevant and respectful to each group. Do you create separate versions or use one general version for everyone?
Follow-up: Which part is hardest part? The language, the visuals, or something else?
Q5. Have you ever struggled to make an ad feel like Malaysian rather than generic or foreign? What made it difficult?
Follow-up: Was it a language issue, a visual issue, or a cultural reference that did not quite fit?
Q6. If an AI tool could automatically generate your ad in different languages and replace the visuals with people from different ethnic backgrounds, what would you need to feel confident to use those versions publicly? 
Follow-up: Would you want to review every detail, or is a quick check enough?

Part 3: Regulations and Compliance Risks
Q7. Before posting an ad, how do you currently check that it does not accidentally offend any religious or cultural sensitivities. Is it a formal process or more of a personal judgment call?
Follow-up: Who in your team makes the final decision before something goes live?
Q8. Have you ever had to take down or change an ad at the last minute because of public reaction or a 3R (Race, Religion, Royalty) concern? What happened?
Follow-up: If not, has your team ever felt uncertain or anxious before posting something sensitive?
Q9. If a tool could automatically scan your ad including the text, images, and video and highlight anything that might violate Malaysian advertising rules before you post it, how would that change your daily work? Would you fully trust the tool's result, or would you still want a human to review it?


Part 4: Open-Ended Opinion and AI Acceptance
Q10. If you could have one ideal assistant to help you with everything from finding trends to making sure the ad is safe to post. What is the single most important thing you would want it to do perfectly?
Q11. Do you think your customers or followers would react differently if they knew that part of your ad was created using AI? Does that concern you in any way? Please explain.
Follow-up: Are there situations where you would prefer to clearly tell them it involves AI, and situations where you would not?

Part 5: Prototype Feedback
Give the participant a few minutes to freely explore the prototype, then ask:
Q12. After trying this, is there anything you feel is missing or could be improved to better fit how you actually work day to day?



3.4 Analysis
3.4.1 Interview Result
3.4.1.1 Interviewee 1 
Domain: Fashion ecommerce Role: Digital Marketing ExecutiveSME Type: Medium
Question
Key Insight Summary
Q1 Trend identification
Manual scrolling on social platforms to discover trend and it is time consuming.
Combines social feeds, tags, and the occasional search and marketplace tools without properly manage.
Lacks an analysis visualization.

Q2 From trend to posting
Workflow goes from idea, internal sharing, shooting, editing, caption and post timing. 
Risk of missing trends due to coordination delays.
Q3 Desired trend tool info
Needs domain and target audience trend filtering
Local or regional use cases can increase confidence in adoption trends.
Metrics include (Original Video, Average view, Save rate, Recently Peaked, Suggestion)
Q4 Reaching multiple communities
Rely on diversity of internal team, no formal guidelines for localizations
Uses mix of English and Bahasa Malaysia to create one main version of advertisement for each community due to resources constraints.
Want something feel like Malaysian without being to stereotype.
Have different models and greetings during different festival session
Q5 Making ads feel Malaysian
Struggles to balance global fashion aesthetics with local flavour.
Limited local visual resources and filming locations due to the need for additional budget.
Language choice impact how the content feels to target ethnics and country.
Q6 Trust in AI localisation
Translation should not be literal but natural with appropriate context.
Avoid stereotype imagery to a particular ethnic group.
Required proper explanations and confidence indicator for full human reviewed to the generated content before posting.
Q7 Current sensitivity checks
Compliance and sensitive content checking relies on personal and team judgement without a structure framework.
Minimal contact with official regulations or external compliance experts.
Q8 Public reaction concerns or anxiety
Avoided a major public backlash, but experienced a near-miss situation. 
Internal team feedback helped prevent potential sensitive post from going live.
Q9 Automated compliance checker
Would be useful as an early warning system in the workflow so that we can discuss in advanced instead of at last minute.
It does not replace human judgment but only informs discussion and escalation.
Explanation needs to link to specific guideline to increase credibility.
Q10 Ideal assistant capability
Prioritises an assistant that turns raw trends into brandspecific, culturally safe content concepts with example hooks (how to grab attention) and angle (how to deliver the business message).
Provide actionable and ready to adapt ideas to reduce uncertainty at the ideation stage.
Q11 Audience reaction to AI
Customers value natural language and quality more than the use of AI.
Main risk is that if the AI output is too generic, the brand personality will be lost.
Selectively label AI-generated content based on context and strategic need.
Q12 Prototype feedback
Want to combine trend, creative ideas and risk insights into one summary.
Able to export as a document to share with internal team.
Table 26 Summary of Interview 1


3.4.1.2 Interviewee 2 
Domain: Malay-owned F&BRole: Marketing and Social Media ExecutiveSME Type: Small
Question
Key Insight Summary
Q1 Trend identification
Gain insights from creators and groups in your target group 
Language style is one of the key dimensions when targeting specific user.
Need more organized way to segment and reuse trend.
Q2 From trend to posting
Workflow goes from trending, selecting target segments, selecting language, script, filming, language review, and post-production. 
No language validation with native speakers.
Fear of unnatural language.
Q3 Desired trend tool info
Trend filtering by domain, target audience and their language labels.
Trend info should have local examples, metrics, age and language segment labels.
Expect guidance on adaptation that respects cultural boundaries. (e.g. “Chinese friends trying authentic Malay lauk for the first time”)
Q4 Reaching multiple communities
Avoid linguistically mixed posts by maintaining a flow of content tailored to each audience segment. 
Frame the content as sharing with neighbour to ensure inclusivity.
Q5 Making ads feel Malaysian
Generic design templates fail for cross-cultural audiences.
Design must blend original and target audience elements in fonts, colours and tone. 
AI-generated language lacks authentic local Malaysian accents. (Malay like Indonesian, Chinese like Mainland Chinese)
Q6 Trust in AI localisation
Must control local dialects and preserve native food terms.
Avoid stereotypical ethnic images and focus on authentic, everyday representation.
Human validation by target audience sample is required
Q7 Current sensitivity checks
Use informal and multi-layer review
Rely on friends and native speaking speaker employees to capture culture nuanced.
Suggest applying a conservative rule, where if there are any concerns about cultural comfort, the content is directly changed or deleted.
Q8 Public reaction concerns or anxiety
Shift the focus from racial comparisons to product experience can avoid this issue.
Messaging shifted from "Dare to eat like Malay friends." to "First time trying our sambal".
Be cautious of humour that comparing different ethnic groups.
Q9 Automated compliance checker
Tools should highlight misleading, insensitive or over race focused content, with a short explanation. 
Final approval should still rely on manual review, as sometimes the modified content is technically safe but can feel awkward or inauthentic to the target audience.
Q10 Ideal assistant capability
From campaign goal generate ready to use concepts based on age, language, and culture sensitivity that includes sample scripts, suggested visuals and sensitivity notes.
Enable human in the loop refinement and native speaker validation.
Promote to different target groups while also maintaining the core brand image.
Q11 Audience reaction to AI
Customers value natural language and quality more than the use of AI.
Prefer background AI use without public AI tags.
Q12 Prototype feedback
Need to be able to set specific audience profiles that combine age, location, preferer language and style, not just normal trending video from social media.
Consolidate fragmented research, drafting, and compliance steps into a single view.
An interface that displays trends, scripts, and compliance risks on a single screen and can be exported as mini decks for human review.
Table 27 Summary of Interview 2

3.4.1.3 Interviewee 3 
Domain: Tech StartupRole: Founder & Marketing LeadSME Type: Small
Question
Key Insight Summary
Q1 Trend identification
Heavily AI-driven research with only light manual check from real Malaysia content.
Time saved on research but no systematic validation which create hidden risk.
Q2 From trend to posting
Having question and answering with AI for every step from ideas, scripts, captions and translations, result in many fragmented outputs.
Production is fast but diagnose underperforming or substandard content is slow and complex.
Never involve real Malaysian in user feedback loop, leaving the AI to diagnose its own failures. This reinforces blind spots rather than corrects them.
Q3 Desired trend tool info
Needs automate trend searches and categorize them around topics, then generate ready-made campaign brief.
Gain tool trust with quantitative metrics instead of local human validation.
Replace authentic cultural cross-check with AI-generated analysis.
Q4 Reaching multiple communities
Defining audience segments with AI-powered personas.
Separate language versions are generated, but do not include local emotional and cultural validation.
Trust surface level AI labels and ignore deeper cultural details.
Q5 Making ads feel Malaysian
AI can easily generate generic global content and surface level Malaysian variations.
The founder sensed the inauthenticity but tried to fix it by reprompting.
The difficulty lies in selecting and refining the true Malaysian style, which require human involvement.
Q6 Trust in AI localisation
Excited on the proposed multilingual and multi-ethnic generation idea with basic guardrails. 
Lack of process to ask the target user-generated personas and scenes if they reflect them.
Confidents coming from the quality of the AI outputs.
Q7 Current sensitivity checks
Rely on AI for cultural and regulatory filter.
Inconsistent human review and often skipped or speeded.
It is risky as no correct or official document as references.
Q8 Public reaction concerns or anxiety
Has not yet experienced any backlash issues, which make interviewees confident with AI.
Q9 Automated compliance checker
Have high trust and seamless workflow integration for an automated compliance scanning tool.
Increase production speed but deepen reliance on automated judgment.
Q10 Ideal assistant capability
Hope to have an assistant that can integrate creativity, localization and risk awareness to serve the target market.
Built-in mechanisms to enforce human feedback into workflows. 
Q11 Audience reaction to AI
Customers care about authenticity and relatability more than the use of AI.
Stand with the opinion “AI knows better than me”.
Q12 Prototype feedback
Expect system flags to highlight uncertainty and force manual review.
Additional filtering based on marketing needs is needed instead of showcasing general trends.
Require strategic reason to explain why a particular trend is suitable for the campaign and provide a handmade production guide if business want to make advertising manually.
Table 28 Summary of Interview 3

3.4.1.4 Interviewee 4
Domain: Traditional hardware shopRole: OwnerSME Type: Small
Question
Key Insight Summary
Q1 Trend identification
Get trend awareness entirely from offline, in-shop demand and local observation, such as new housing projects.
Operate without structured digital marketing campaigns. Instead, opt for reactive, product-driven promotion.
Trend tracking is based on daily face-to-face interactions with customer, thus there is no sperate task time.
Q2 From trend to posting
Responses to trends include increased inventory and signage or signage at store entrances or shelves to showcase the best products.
Relies heavily on personal recommendation and verbal explanation rather than formal campaigns, which is time consuming.
Rare Facebook posts.
Q3 Desired trend tool info
Require localized and product-based demand analysis over generic viral trends.
Would only trust a tool that reports local, practical needs in simple language. For example, search result show recently many people in your town search for mosquito trap and what kind of DIY task people are trying to do at home.
Q4 Reaching multiple communities
Banners are multilingual and rely on face-to-face language switching when promoting products to customers who come to the store.
Keeps messaging simple and factual, avoid using humour and slang to mitigate cultural risk.
Builds community respect through honest service.
Q5 Making ads feel Malaysian
Focuses on clarity and service over visual or stylistic localisation.
Occasionally use multilingual supplier poster even if they look foreign, as long as product information is clear.
Limited resources and capabilities to create marketing resource.
Q6 Trust in AI localisation
Do not want AI over polish the business until it loses it soul.
Doubt about the need for AI-generated, multilingual, and multi-ethnic advertising in traditional hardware stores.
Would only consider if the information is simple, accurate, and visually close to everyday life.
Q7 Current sensitivity checks
Uses very simple, factual content, which naturally minimises sensitivity risk.
Rely on basic personal and family judgment, not formal compliance frameworks.
Q8 Public reaction concerns or anxiety
Has not encountered backlash, this reinforces the belief of "play-it-safe" business philosophy.
Last minute adjustments are mostly operational such as prices and hours when supplier prints incorrectly, rather than content sensitivity issues.
Q9 Automated compliance checker
Would use to validate supplier provided marketing campaigns.
Has see the value in quick risk warnings on third-party material.
Still prefer combine feedback from tool and human.
Q10 Ideal assistant capability
Need simple, multilingual products explanation and display promotion.
More towards education not trend-driven creative campaigns.
Avoid overpromise and flashy advertising.
Q11 Audience reaction to AI
Believes customers care more about accuracy and reliability than the use of AI.
Main concern is AI causing misinformation, which would damage personal trust built over years.
Prefers imperfect but personally controlled wording over polished AI-generated copy.
Q12 Prototype feedback
Feels current AI marketing systems are overbuilt for very traditional, low-advertising businesses.
Would adopt a simple mode focused on basic product cards and notices rather than full campaigns.
Table 29 Summary of Interview 4

3.4.2 Analysis of Findings
After interviews with four different SMEs, including fashion e-commerce, food and beverage, tech start-ups to traditional hardware stores, it has been found that users were experiencing inefficiencies in trend analysis, difficulty in content language and visual localization, and anxiety about regulatory and cultural compliance. For digitally mature users, they want stronger AI support to enhance the production and verification capabilities of digital marketing, while emphasizing the need for human-in-the-loop validation or reinforcement learning to avoid generic or culturally inauthentic outputs. In contrast, for SMEs that are less digital or traditional, they need a simplified version of the system that often provides clear product descriptions over any elaborate campaigns.
3.4.2.1 Key Affinity
3.4.2.1.1 Company Contextual Trend Intelligence Needs
Among the non-technology-oriented SMEs interviewees, their trend discovery was done manually, time-consuming, and scattered across different documents. Discovery activities often include browsing feeds and tags or following local groups and successful content creator accounts. Even AI-dominated startups lack the right way to validate trends in their target segment before they are having a professional planner. This is totally different in traditional, brick-and-mortar businesses in smaller towns. Instead of viral trends, they focus on local demand signals, such as what the surrounding community is searching for and asking about their business. However, we must avoid treating all traditional SMEs as a single whole. While this respondent relies strictly on local foot traffic, but they will need a broader trend intelligence if the businesses expand to other regions. Overall, users want to see trends that are not only structured and audience-specific insights but also need to understand what businesses offer to cut through the noise.
3.4.2.1.2 Cultural and Linguistic Localisation Challenges
In addition to insight, other experts struggled to make content feel authentic and relevant to specific ethnic and linguistic groups such as Malaysia. They highlight the issues that global templates, foreign stock images, and AI-generated language sounds like Indonesian or mainland Chinese instead of Malaysian. They are also afraid of stereotypes and overly refined outputs will erode the soul of the brand.
3.4.2.1.3 Compliance Checking Anxiety
Most of the business rely heavily on personal judgement and internal teams to check advertising compliance to meet segment-specific regulations and religious and cultural sensitivities. To be honest, the advertisement review often prioritizes focus on content quality rather than strict risk assessment. Since these nuances are often invisible and difficult to verify objectively, discovering them largely depends on whether the reviewer happens to recognize the issues. All of them express concern about the issues of cultural compliance and localization issues, although they haven’t experience big crisis. There is a broad agreement that if business want to create hyperlocal advertisement, they will inevitably touch on other people's cultures, so the compliance layer helps validate human-generated content as an early warning system, but it is still not a substitute for human judgment.

3.4.2.1.4 Unifying Fragmented Workflows into Campaigns
Digital SMEs describe their current advertising workflow jump between trend hunting, scripting, design and video tools, translation, and final review. All these processes take place in separate tools and chats. The AI-focused startup also mentioned that they often have multiple panels when using AI and do not have a unified verification structure. Several respondents also expressed a desire to consolidate all this information into a single campaign card or mini-deck, including trends, content, and risks into a single shareable view to continue manual review.


3.4.2.2 Universal Pain Points
3.4.2.2.1 Resource load in trend tracking
Manual scrolling and unstructured notes waste time and make it difficult to compare and reuse trends.
3.4.2.2.2 Difficulty making content feel locally authentic
Balancing global aesthetics with the cultural cues and language nuances of target groups has been considered too difficult and resource intensive.
3.4.2.2.3 Fear of Cultural and Regulatory Missteps
All users expressed caution about advertisement might bring potential sensitivity issues to target segment, as well as a lack of confidence in the existing checking process.
3.4.2.2.4 AI usage without proper guardrails
Some SMEs underestimate AI tool and believe they are overbuilt, while others rely too heavily on AI for localization and security without recognition of actual Malaysians.​
3.4.2.2.5 Workflow fragmentation
Trend analysis, creative generation, localisation, and compliance are treated as separate tasks, which often causing delays, missed trends or near miss incidents.​
3.4.2.2.6 Limited internal resources for multilingual, multi-audience content
SMEs lack internal specialists for each language and ethnic segment, making it hard to scale culturally nuanced content that brings intimacy to target users.​


3.4.3 Analysis Summary
3.4.3.1 Must Haves Requirements
From these intersections, the system must, at minimum provide:
3.4.3.1.1 Context Aware Trend Intelligence Layer
Summarize trends across platforms and present them in the following way:
Domain-specific and aligned to SME context.​
Audience-specific, with labels for age, language or dialect, and segment.
Provide clear metrics and thematic groupings rather than generic popularity lists.​

3.4.3.1.2 Multilingual, Culturally Aware Content Transcreation
Generate and rewrite content in Bahasa Melayu, English, Mandarin, and other relevant local variants with:
Control over tone and dialect flavour.
Focus on natural, contextual language rather than direct translations.​
Adapt visuals to realistic target segment contexts while avoiding stereotypes.​

3.4.3.1.3 Embedded Compliance and Cultural Risk Scanner with Explanations
Automatically scan textual and visual assets for:
Religious and cultural sensitivities.
Misleading claims and promotional overpromises.​
Offend regulation content.
Highlight specific risky elements with references, emphasising early warning rather than final judgement.​

3.4.3.1.4 Campaign Centric Workspace with Integrated Flow
Provide a campaign level workspace that integrates:
Selected trends.
Generated content variants per audience segment.
Localisation decisions and translations.
Compliance flags and notes.​
Support export or sharing for internal review and approvals.​

3.4.3.1.5 Human-in-the-Loop Validation Mechanisms
Track which language and segment variants have been manually reviewed by native speakers or stakeholders.​
Provide clear guidance at key steps for human review, treating AI as an assistant rather than autonomy.

3.4.3.2 Nice to Haves Requirements
3.4.3.2.1 Automated Concept Generator
Translate a campaign goal and selected trend into a group of comprehensive campaign concepts for the target segment, including:
Hooks and angles.
Sample scripts and captions.
Suggested visuals.
Sensitivity notes.​
3.4.3.2.2 Audience Profile System
Let users define and reuse audience profiles that combine age, location, language preferences, and cultural style, and then automatically generate variations for each profile.
3.4.3.2.3 Provide Simple Mode for Traditional SMEs
Provide a minimalist interface that focuses on:
Simple, multilingual product explanation cards.
Basic notices.
Optional supplier-poster checks.​
Hide complex trend dashboards and campaign tools unless explicitly enabled.​
3.4.3.2.4 Human Friendly Production Guides
For SMEs that still shoot or design manually, tools should generate human-readable production guides, not just ready-made material.



  

CHAPTER 4: DESIGN AND IMPLEMENTATION

4.1 Introduction


4.2 System Architecture Design


Figure 14 System Tech Stack and Architecture

Based on Figure 14, the proposed system architecture is organized into three distinct layers. The first layer represents the frontend technology stack, which includes React and Vite as the main frameworks for application development, with TypeScript as the primary programming language. By leveraging Shadcn and GSAP, the project can reuse these open-source UI components and animation libraries, helping to improve frontend consistency and user experience. The middle layer consists of two main components. The first is FastAPI, which functions as the API gateway and handles all communication between client requests and backend responses. The second is AWS Cognito. Although Cognito is not part of the backend, it is integrated at the frontend layer to redirect users to corresponding authentication pages, such as Google account verification, which is the only supported authentication option in this project. The backend layer is hosted on EC2 instances with public IP addresses. The backend consists of an agent framework powered by LangChain and LangGraph, with AI models provided through Google Cloud Vertex AI, such as Nano Banana, Google Omni, and Gemini Flash 3.5. ElevenLabs serves as the primary audio intelligence provider, supporting text-to-speech synthesis, voice cloning, and voice modification features, while the open weight model CLIPSeg is used for prompt-based image segmentation. For storage, the system uses a vector database to retrieve semantically similar prompts upon user request. Supabase is a backend-as-a-service platform built on PostgreSQL for storing application data, including chat history, compliance rules, compliance results, ad generation progress, and proxy memory. Amazon S3 is utilized as the object storage service for uploaded files, while also serving as the persistent repository for all generated and remediated multimedia assets. External third-party service providers are also integrated into the system. Tavily is used for proxy web research, while Zernio is responsible for ad distribution across all associated ad accounts. These services provide additional insights, helping users better understand localization results and the reasons behind recommended adjustments.

 4.3 Database Design
4.3.1 Schema Relationships
Each project can have many tasks, and each task belongs to one project.
Each project can have many project members, and each project member belongs to one project.
Each task can have one compliance check, and each compliance check belongs to one task.
Each compliance check can have many violations, and each violation belongs to one compliance check.
Each task can have many pipeline progress records, and each pipeline progress record belongs to one task.
Each task can have many chat messages, and each chat message belongs to one task.
Each project can have many storyboard scenes, and each storyboard scene belongs to one project.
Each project can have many generated advertisements, and each generated advertisement belongs to one project.
Each task can generate many advertisements, and each generated advertisement belongs to one task.
Each generated advertisement can have many child advertisements, and each child advertisement belongs to one parent advertisement.
Each compliance check can have many remediation logs, and each remediation log belongs to one compliance check.
Each project can have many brand voices, and each brand voice belongs to one project.
Each generated advertisement can have many post statistics records, and each post statistics record belongs to one generated advertisement.


4.3.2 ERD
Figure 15 Jus Ads Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD)Figure 15 Jus Ads Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD)Figure 15 Jus Ads Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD)Figure 15 Jus Ads Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD)
Figure 15 Jus Ads Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD)
Figure 15 Jus Ads Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD)


4.4 Core Feature Sequence Diagram
4.4.1 Compliance Checker
Figure 16 Compliance Checker Sequence DiagramFigure 16 Compliance Checker Sequence DiagramFigure 16 Compliance Checker Sequence DiagramFigure 16 Compliance Checker Sequence Diagram
Figure 16 Compliance Checker Sequence Diagram
Figure 16 Compliance Checker Sequence Diagram

Referring to the Figure 16, it has illustrated the overall workflow of the processed Compliance Checker. The process can be summaries into following five main stages:
The user uploads advertisements content in the form of text, image, audio or video. The uploaded content is then sent to the backend to evaluate by the judge agent.
System prepared several reference sources from database, including national advertisements regulations, target consumers personas and platform specific advertising policies. 
The agent then tiggers the Tavily research tools to run multiple web searches for similar cases and gather relevant insights. These references provided necessary content for the agent to perform compliance evaluation.
Using this information, the judge agent evaluates advertisements and determine their compliance. 
If the calculated risk score exceeds the predetermined compliance threshold, the advertisement will be classified as non-compliant. 
However, if the AI model lacks confidence in its assessment, regardless of the calculated risk score, the case will be escalated to a human reviewer for further evaluation and final decision. 
Otherwise, the advertisement is considered compliant, and users can continue posting while still opting to view the generated compliance report.
Special mechanisms have been implemented for image and video compliance issues, as these media types require more than just text-based recommendations:
Image: CLIPSeg is used to identify areas in images that may be non-compliant or offensive. The detected component is then incorporated into the prompt, passing to the model to image segmentation and classify each region.
Video: The judge agent identifies specific timestamps where visual content or voice dialogue violates localization requirements. These timestamps were then split into individual video clips.
4.4.2 Advertisement Generation


0
 4.4 Use Case Diagram


Figure 17 Jus Ads Use Case Diagram

Use Case Name
Actor(s)
Description
Priority
Precondition(s)
Main Flow
Post Condition(s)
Login
Project Member
Authenticates the user into the JusAds platform via AWS Cognito OAuth.
High
User has a registered account.
1) User enters credentials. 
2) System authenticates via Cognito. 
3) User is redirected to the dashboard.
User session is active; JWT token stored.
User Onboarding
Project Member
Guides new users through initial setup: profile creation, company details, and first project creation.
High
User has successfully logged in for the first time.
1) System detects new user. 
2) Onboarding wizard collects company name, industry, and target markets. 
3) System creates a default project.
User profile and default project are created.
Manage Profile
Project Member
Allows users to view and update their profile settings (name, avatar, company details, notification preferences).
Medium
User is logged in.
1) User navigates to Profile page. 
2) User edits fields. 
3) System saves updates.
Profile is updated in Supabase.
Create Project
Project Member
Creates a new project workspace for organizing ads, compliance checks, and generated content.
High
User is logged in.
1) User clicks "Create Project." 
2) User enters project name, target market, platform. 
3) System creates project in Supabase.
New project is available in dashboard.
Generate Ad Creative (text/image/audio/video)
Project Member
Uses orchestrator agent to generate ad creatives in one or more media types based on a user brief, brand context, localization guide and platform rules.
High
1) A project exists.
2) User has described the ad brief.
1) User enters natural language brief in chat. Optional with references.
2) System detects desired media types. 
3) System resolves platform rules. 
4) System fans out to media-specific agents. 
5) Generated ads are saved to the project.
Generated ads stored in Supabase with S3 media URLs.
Ad Compliance and Localization Check
Project Member
Runs the multi-modal compliance pipeline against an ad creative to detect regulatory and cultural violations for the target market.
High
1) A project exists.
2) An ad creative exists (uploaded or generated).
1) User selects an ad to check.
2) System fetches rules for market and platform. 
3) System transcribes audio and video if needed. 4) AI analyses content against rules. 5) Bias check and judges’ evaluation run. 6) Decision: Pass / Remediate / Reject.
Compliance result stored with risk score and violations.
Ad Remediation 
Project Member
Automatically fixes non-compliant content using inpainting, text rewrite, or TTS re-voicing based on compliance findings.
High
1) Compliance check returned "remediate" decision.2) User agree for remediation.

1) System fetches compliance result. 2) User confirms aspect ratio (human-in-the-loop). 3) System applies media-specific remediation. 4) Remediated asset uploaded to S3.
1) Remediated ad stored in Supabase with S3 media URLs.2) Remediated ad available alongside original for comparison.
Browse Prompt Library
Project Member
Allows users to browse and select pre-built prompt templates to accelerate ad generation.
Medium
1) User is logged in.2) Prompt library is populated based on company context.
1) User opens Prompt Library. 2) System turns company context to embedding and search similar prompt in vector database.3) User selects a template. 4) Template populates the generation chat.
Selected template pre-fills generation brief.
Manage Project
Project Member
Allows users to view, edit, rename, or delete projects and their associated tasks.
Medium
At least one project exists.
1) User selects a project. 2) User edits settings or manages tasks. 3) System persists changes.
Project metadata updated.
Manage Assets
Project Member
Provides a central view for managing all media assets (uploaded and generated) including tagging, filtering, and downloading.
Medium
Project exists with associated assets.
1) User navigates to Assets page. 2) User browses/filters assets. 3) User can download, delete, or tag assets.
Asset state updated in S3 folder and file metadata.
Distribute Assets to social media
Project Member
Publishes approved ads to social platforms (TikTok and Instagram only) via Zernio SDK integration.
Medium
Ad is passed compliance or human approval.
1) User selects a published ad. 2) User selects target platform. 3) System posts via Zernio API. 4) Distribution metadata recorded.
1) Ad posted to social platform.2) Analytics tracking begins.
Social Media Post Live Analysis
Project Member
Monitors live performance metrics (impressions, likes, shares, engagement) of distributed ads from social platforms.
Medium
Ad has been distributed to at least one platform.
1) User navigates to Analytics. 2) System fetches metrics from Zernio. 3) Charts and KPIs displayed.
Real-time analytics displayed.
Manage Generation or Compliance Check Task
Project Member
View status, retry, or delete individual generation and compliance tasks within a project.
Medium
A project has active or completed tasks.
1) User views task list. 2) User can retry failed tasks or cancel running ones. 3) System updates task status.
Task status updated in pipeline progress.
Trending Analysis based on Company Context
Project Member
Provides AI-driven trend analysis customized to the user's company industry, target market, and product category.
Medium
User has company profile configured.
1) User navigates to Trends page. 
2) System fetches trend data. 
3) Trends displayed with relevance to company context.
Trend insights presented.
Control Project Access Permission
Project Owner
Allows project owners to manage team member access, invite new members, and set role-based permissions.
Low
User is the project owner.
1) Owner navigates to Project Settings. 
2) Owner invites members or changes roles. 
3) System updates access control.
1) Permissions updated.
2) New members can access project.
Table 30 Use Case Details


4.4 Interface Design

4.4.1 Wireframes


Figure 18 Landing Page Wireframe


Figure 19 Product & Company Onboarding Page Wireframe


Figure 20  Project List Task Page Wireframe



Figure 21 Compliance Checker Page Wireframe



Figure 22 Generate Ads Page Wireframe


Figure 23 Assets Page Wireframe


4.4.2 Website Design


Table 31 Project’s Task Details Table Page






4.5 Implementation

4.5.2 Login
Layer
File
Endpoint
Backend Logic
backend/routes/profile.py
-
FastAPI Gateway
backend/routes/profile.py
GET /api/user/{email}
Frontend
frontend/src/lib/authProvider.tsx
frontend/src/hooks/useAuth.ts
-

Code in FastAPI Gateway Router

Figure 24 User Session Retrieval and Auto Registration Endpoint
This functions ensure that the database persists the user’s email as an identifier to related with other tables and record user activity in the application. When a user authenticates via AWS Cognito OAuth, the frontend calls this endpoint with the user’s email. The function then queries the Supabase users table, to check whether the record has already existed. If found, it will return the record directly. Otherwise, it will insert a line with is_onboard variable set to False. This model ensures that each authenticated Cognito user automatically receives backend records upon first login, without the need for separate registration steps.

Endpoint
Method
URL
Auth Required
Response
GET
/api/user/{email}
No (post-Cognito callback)
{email, is_onboarded, created_at}

Frontend Endpoint Request

Figure 25 React Auth Session Rehydration via oidc-client-ts
The frontend AuthProvider component uses the oidc-client-ts UserManager to connect with AWS Cognito. When the application starts, it attempts to repopulate the session by calling userManager.getUser(). After successful login, the user's email will be extracted from the JWT profile information. The frontend then calls GET /api/user/{email} to check user’s status in the backend and determine whether to display the onboarding process or redirect to the dashboard.


4.5.3 User Onboarding
Layer
File
Endpoint
Backend Logic
backend/routes/profile.py
—
FastAPI Gateway
backend/routes/profile.py
POST /api/profile
Frontend
frontend/src/pages/onboarding.tsx
—

Code in FastAPI Gateway Router

Figure 26 Business Profile Upsert and Onboarding Completion Logic
This function handles 



4.5.2 UC-05 Generate Ad Creative
Layer
File
Endpoint
Backend Logic
backend/jusads_generation/orchestrator.py + backend/jusads_generation/intent.py
-
FastAPI Gateway
backend/routes/generation.py
POST /api/projects/{pid}/tasks/{tid}/chat
Frontend
frontend/src/services/generationApi.ts
-

Code in Backend
backend/jusads_generation/orchestrator.py

Figure 27 Multi-Agent LangGraph StateGraph Orchestration for Ad Generation
This code builds LangGraph StateGraph (GenerationState), driving the entire ad generation workflow. It registered seven core nodes and four media agent nodes:
Node
Purpose
load_history
Retrieves prior chat context from Supabase for conversational memory
resolve_platform
Normalizes and validates the target platform sizing rules
detect_intent
Classifies the user's message into requested media types
clarify
Requests user clarification when no media type is detected
collect
Merges outputs from all executed media agents
persist_assistant
Saves the assistant chat turn to Supabase chat history
emit_pipeline_state
Assembles the React Flow canvas

Node
Agent
text_node
Text Copy Agent
image_node
Image Creator Agent
audio_node
Audio Composer Agent
video_node
Video Generator Agent


backend/jusads_generation/agents/text_agent.py

Figure 28 Text Copy Agent - Gemini-Powered Caption Generation with Google Search Context
Text agents implement standardized media agency contracts. When called, it first queries Gemini's Google Search basic tool to find the popular creative backgrounds in Malaysia's advertising market. The agent then calls Gemini to generate culturally localized ad headlines, writes the results to a temporary file, uploads them to AWS S3, and records a row in the generated_ads Supabase table. If any step fails, the agent records the failure status without interfering with the peer agent


backend/jusads_generation/agents/image_agent.py

Figure 29 Image Creator Agent - Native Imagen Generation with Platform Aware Sizing
Image agents generate visual ad creatives based on the precise aspect ratio and maximum size specified by the target platform's rules. It enriches user briefs through popular marketplaces on Google search, then refines prompts loaded from local JSON configuration with platform-specific style guides. The main generational path uses Google's native image generation model through the Gemini SDK. If users upload reference images, these images are transmitted as multimodal contexts to influence style and composition. The final image is uploaded to S3 and recorded as a completed asset.



backend/jusads_generation/agents/image_agent.py

Figure 30 Audio Composer Agent - Gemini Scriptwriting with ElevenLabs Text-to-Speech




Code in FastAPI Gateway Router
 
Figure 31 FastAPI Generation Chat Endpoint with Background SSE Streaming
The POST /api/projects/{project_id}/tasks/{task_id}/chat endpoint accepts a ChatRequest Pydantic model containing the user's message, optional guided-mode fields, reference URLs, and targeting parameters (platform, ethnicity, market, language). It validates that the task exists via the Supabase store, persists the user chat turn, then spawns a background asyncio task that runs the full generation pipeline. SSE chunks are pushed to an asyncio.Queue and streamed to the client via StreamingResponse(media_type="text/event-stream"). If the client disconnects, the background pipeline continues running and persists results to Supabase — the frontend can recover them on reconnection.











4.6 Sample codes
4.6.1 Name of program: sign_in.cs



4.6.2 Name of program: sign_up.cs


CHAPTER 5: RESULT AND DISCUSSION

5.1 Introduction
5.2 Test Plan
5.2.1 Unit Testing
Legend
Status
Meaning
PASS
Test executed successfully, actual output matches expected output
FAIL
Test executed but actual output differs from expected output
BLOCKED
Test cannot be executed due to environmental/dependency issue
NOT RUN
Test has not been executed yet
 

Main Feature 1 - Compliance Checking Pipeline
TC-No
Description
Input Conditions
Expected Output
Actual Output
Status
TC-1.01
Fetch rules return valid rules for Malaysia/TikTok
market="malaysia", platform="tiktok", ethnicity="malay", age_group="gen_z"
Rules list is non-empty; persona dict is non-empty; result["_rules"] populated


TC-1.02
Fetch rules handles empty rule set gracefully
market="unknown_market", platform="unknown_platform"
Returns empty rules list []; logs WARNING; pipeline continues without error


TC-1.03
Fetch rules handles Supabase connection failure
Supabase client raises ConnectionError
Returns {"_rules": [], "_persona": {}}; step recorded as failed in progress tracker


TC-1.04
Conditional routing sends audio to transcribe_media
media_type="audio"
_route_after_fetch returns "transcribe_media"


TC-1.05
Conditional routing sends video to transcribe_media
media_type="video"
_route_after_fetch returns "transcribe_media"


TC-1.06
Conditional routing sends text to main_brain_analysis
media_type="text"
_route_after_fetch returns "main_brain_analysis"


TC-1.07
Conditional routing sends image to main_brain_analysis
media_type="image"
_route_after_fetch returns "main_brain_analysis"


TC-1.08
Transcribe media returns valid transcript for audio
media_type="audio", input_path="valid_audio.mp3"; Gemini returns {"language":"malay","transcript":"hello"}
result["_transcript"] = {"language":"malay","transcript":"hello"}


TC-1.09
Transcribe media handles Gemini API failure
Gemini raises Exception("API timeout")
result["_transcript"] = {"language":"unknown","transcript":"(transcription unavailable)"}


TC-1.10
Main brain analysis — text compliance check
media_type="text", text_input="Buy now! 50% off!", market="malaysia",platform="tiktok"; rules and persona present
Returns result with risk_percentage (int), risk_level (str), high_risk_indicator (list)


TC-1.11
Main brain analysis — image compliance check
media_type="image", input_path="test_image.png" (valid file); Gemini returns JSON with risk fields
Returns result with risk_percentage, risk_level, high_risk_indicator; prescan is called first


TC-1.12
Main brain analysis — handles missing input file
media_type="image", input_path="nonexistent.png"
Returns result with error field; step fails in progress tracker


TC-1.13
Main brain analysis — includes business context when available
project has business_profiles entry in Supabase
Prompt sent to Gemini includes company name and product category


TC-1.14
Judges agent returns passing evaluation
result contains low-risk compliance analysis
evaluation["overall_pass"] = True; evaluation["hallucination_score"] >= 5


TC-1.15
Judges agent flags hallucination
result contains fabricated violations not grounded in rules
result["_hallucination_flagged"] = True; evaluation["hallucination_score"] < 3


TC-1.16
Judges agent handles Gemini failure
Gemini raises Exception during evaluation
result["_eval_error"] is set with error message; pipeline continues


TC-1.17
Decision router — PASS condition
risk_level="Low", risk_percentage=20, high_risk_indicators=[]
Returns "pass"


TC-1.18
Decision router — PASS boundary (30%)
risk_level="Low", risk_percentage=30, high_risk_indicators=[]
Returns "pass"


TC-1.19
Decision router — REMEDIATE for Low risk above threshold
risk_level="Low", risk_percentage=31, high_risk_indicators=["minor issue"]
Returns "remediate"


TC-1.20
Decision router — CRITICAL_REGEN for Critical risk level
risk_level="Critical", risk_percentage=50, high_risk_indicators=["offensive content"]
Returns "critical_regen"


TC-1.21
Decision router — CRITICAL_REGEN for high percentage (>85)
risk_level="High", risk_percentage=90, high_risk_indicators=["multiple violations"]
Returns "critical_regen"


TC-1.22
Decision router — CRITICAL_REGEN boundary (86%)
risk_level="Moderate", risk_percentage=86, high_risk_indicators=["violation"]
Returns "critical_regen"


TC-1.23
Decision router — REMEDIATE for Moderate risk
risk_level="Moderate", risk_percentage=55, high_risk_indicators=["gender bias"]
Returns "remediate"


TC-1.24
Decision router — REMEDIATE for High risk below 85%
risk_level="High", risk_percentage=70, high_risk_indicators=["skin exposure"]
Returns "remediate"


TC-1.25
Decision router — unknown risk_level defaults to REMEDIATE
risk_level="InvalidLevel", risk_percentage=40, high_risk_indicators=[]
Returns "remediate"; logs WARNING about unexpected value


TC-1.26
Decision router node persists result to Supabase
Valid compliance result with task_id
Supabase compliance_checks table updated with status, risk_percentage, result_json


TC-1.27
Decision router node queues to FallbackQueue on persistence failure
Supabase update raises Exception
fallback_queue.enqueue() called with correct payload; pipeline does not crash


TC-1.28
Progress tracker records step start
task_id="test-123", step_name="main_brain_analysis"
pipeline_progress table has row with status="running"


TC-1.29
Progress tracker records step completion
task_id="test-123", step_name="main_brain_analysis"
Row updated to status="completed" with message


TC-1.30
Progress tracker handles Supabase failure silently
Supabase raises Exception during insert
No exception propagated; error logged; pipeline continues




Main Feature 2 - Remediation Pipeline
The Remediation Pipeline fixes non-compliant media assets detected by the Compliance Pipeline. It follows the flow: Fetch Compliance Result → Confirm Aspect Ratio (human-in-the-loop) → Media-Specific Remediation → Upload & Finalize.
 
TC-No
Description
Input Conditions
Expected Output
Actual Output
Status
TC-2.01
Fetch compliance result — valid task_id
task_id="existing-task" exists in compliance_checks table
Returns compliance_result, media_type, source_media_url, platform_target; status="remediating"


TC-2.02
Fetch compliance result — task_id not found
task_id="nonexistent-task"; Supabase returns empty rows
Returns status="remix_failed"; compliance_result contains error message


TC-2.03
Fetch compliance result — Supabase failure
Supabase raises ConnectionError
Returns status="remix_failed"; step recorded as failed in tracker


TC-2.04
Fetch compliance result — builds remediation plan correctly
compliance_checks record has result_json with high_risk_indicator, suggestion, localization_plan
remediation_plan dict contains all extracted fields


TC-2.05
Confirm aspect ratio — skips for text media
media_type="text"
Returns {"aspect_ratio": ""} immediately; step logged as "Skipped for text"


TC-2.06
Confirm aspect ratio — skips for audio media
media_type="audio"
Returns {"aspect_ratio": ""} immediately; step logged as "Skipped for audio"


TC-2.07
Confirm aspect ratio — uses default when no platform_rules
media_type="image", platform_target="unknown"; Supabase returns no rules
Returns aspect_ratio="1:1" (image default)


TC-2.08
Confirm aspect ratio — video default fallback
media_type="video", platform_target="unknown"; no platform_rules
Returns aspect_ratio="16:9" (video default)


TC-2.09
Confirm aspect ratio — interrupt for human confirmation
media_type="image", platform_target="tiktok"; platform_rules has entries
LangGraph interrupt() is called with options list; returns user-selected ratio


TC-2.10
Confirm aspect ratio — handles Supabase failure
platform_rules query raises Exception
Returns status="remix_failed", aspect_ratio=""


TC-2.11
Media remediation — routes to image handler
media_type="image", status!="remix_failed"
_remediate_image() is called


TC-2.12
Media remediation — routes to video handler
media_type="video", status!="remix_failed"
_remediate_video() is called


TC-2.13
Media remediation — routes to text handler
media_type="text", status!="remix_failed"
_remediate_text() is called


TC-2.14
Media remediation — routes to audio handler
media_type="audio", status!="remix_failed"
_remediate_audio() is called


TC-2.15
Media remediation — skips when status already failed
status="remix_failed"
Returns empty dict {}; no remediation handler called


TC-2.16
Media remediation — unsupported media type
media_type="3d_model"
Returns status="remix_failed"; ValueError logged


TC-2.17
Image remediation — inpainting succeeds on first attempt
Gemini Imagen returns valid image; quality_score >= 70
Returns output_path, strategy="image_inpaint", quality_score >= 70, attempts=1


TC-2.18
Image remediation — retries up to 3 times on low quality
First 2 attempts produce quality < 70; 3rd attempt >= 70
Returns with attempts=3; quality_score >= 70


TC-2.19
Image remediation — fails after 3 attempts
All 3 attempts raise Exception or quality < 70
Returns {"error": "Image inpainting failed after 3 attempts: ..."}


TC-2.20
Image remediation — full mask fallback when no segmentation
No segmentation or mask_path available
Creates full-image mask (all white); inpainting proceeds


TC-2.21
Text remediation — successful rewrite
compliance_result has original_text; Gemini returns valid JSON rewrite
Returns output_path (.txt file), strategy="text_rewrite", rewritten_text populated


TC-2.22
Text remediation — no original text available
compliance_result missing both original_text and text_input
Returns {"error": "No original text found..."}


TC-2.23
Text remediation — Gemini API failure
Gemini raises Exception during rewrite
Returns {"error": "Text rewrite failed: ..."}


TC-2.24
Audio remediation — ElevenLabs TTS succeeds
ElevenLabs returns audio chunks; DEFAULT_VOICE configured
Returns output_path (.mp3), strategy="audio_tts", voice_id set


TC-2.25
Audio remediation — ElevenLabs failure
ElevenLabs raises Exception
Returns {"error": "Audio TTS remediation failed: ..."}


TC-2.26
Video remediation — no violations timeline
violations_timeline=[]
Returns output_path (original video), strategy="video_i2v", note="no violations to fix"


TC-2.27
Video remediation — extracts keyframe via ffmpeg
violations_timeline has entries with start_seconds
ffmpeg command executed to extract keyframe; returns output_path


TC-2.28
Upload and finalize — successful S3 upload
remediated_paths has valid file path; S3 upload succeeds
Returns status="remediated"; Supabase updated with s3_remix_key


TC-2.29
Upload and finalize — no remediated paths
remediated_paths=[]
Returns status="remix_failed"; step fails in tracker


TC-2.30
Upload and finalize — S3 upload failure
upload_file_public raises Exception
Returns status="remix_failed"; Supabase status set to "remix_failed"


TC-2.31
Upload and finalize — skips when already failed
status="remix_failed" from previous step
Returns empty dict {}; no upload attempted


TC-2.32
Upload and finalize — Supabase update failure after S3 success
S3 upload OK but Supabase update raises Exception
Returns status="remix_failed"; error logged


TC-2.33
Image quality check — blank image scored low
Edited image is nearly all white (std_dev < 5)
Returns score = 10


TC-2.34
Image quality check — reasonable image scored high
Edited image has good variation and low pixel difference from original
Returns score >= 50


TC-2.35
Pipeline runner — streams node events and tracks progress
Valid compliance state provided
Each node emits start_step and complete_step; final_state returned


TC-2.36
Pipeline runner — handles GraphInterrupt
Pipeline hits interrupt() in confirm_aspect_ratio
Returns None; tracker records human_review step as running


TC-2.37
Pipeline runner — resume after human decision
resume() called with decision="9:16"
Pipeline continues from interrupt; final_state returned


TC-2.38
Pipeline runner — timeout on human decision
run_with_human_loop() with timeout=0.1; no decision arrives
Returns None; tracker records "Human review timed out"


TC-2.39
Binary mask generation from segmented overlay
Original image and segmented overlay with painted regions
Binary mask has white (255) where overlay differs; black (0) elsewhere


TC-2.40
S3 key building for remediated assets
asset_type="remixed", username="pipeline", project_id, task_id, filename
Returns properly formatted S3 key path


 
Main Feature 3 - Ad Generation Pipeline
The Ad Generation Pipeline is an agentic multi-modal ad creator. It detects what media types the user wants, resolves platform-specific sizing rules, fans out to independent media agents (text, image, audio, video), bridges each ad to compliance, and persists results. It uses LangGraph orchestration with SSE streaming.
 
TC-No
Description
Input Conditions
Expected Output
Actual Output
Status
TC-3.01
Intent detection — explicit video request
user_message="Generate a TikTok video ad for my coffee"
Returns ["video"]


TC-3.02
Intent detection — multiple media types
user_message="Create image and text ads for shoes"
Returns ["text", "image"]


TC-3.03
Intent detection — no media type detected
user_message="I want to promote my restaurant"
Returns [] (empty list)


TC-3.04
Intent detection — casual chat (no generation intent)
user_message="Hi, how are you?"
Returns []


TC-3.05
Intent detection — keyword fallback when Gemini fails
Gemini raises Exception; user_message="Make me a poster"
Falls back to keyword classifier; returns ["image"]


TC-3.06
Intent detection — action word required for keyword classifier
user_message="coffee shop poster ideas" (no action word)
Returns [] unless "poster" triggers explicit media check


TC-3.07
Intent detection — empty message
user_message=""
Returns []


TC-3.08
Platform normalization — default to Instagram
target_platform=None
Returns "instagram"


TC-3.09
Platform normalization — valid TikTok
target_platform="TikTok"
Returns "tiktok" (lowercase)


TC-3.10
Platform normalization — unsupported platform rejected
target_platform="facebook"
Raises UnsupportedPlatformError


TC-3.11
Platform normalization — empty string defaults
target_platform=""
Returns "instagram"


TC-3.12
Platform rule resolution — valid combination
platform="instagram", media_type="image"
Returns PlatformRule with aspect_ratio, max_dimension


TC-3.13
Platform rule resolution — missing rule
platform="shopee", media_type="audio" (no rule exists)
Raises MissingRuleError


TC-3.14
Platform rule resolution — Supabase failure
Supabase raises Exception
Raises MissingRuleError (wraps the original exception)


TC-3.15
Chat store — persist user turn
project_id, task_id, role="user", content="Make me a poster"
Row inserted in chat_messages table; returns row with id


TC-3.16
Chat store — content truncation at 10,000 chars
content length = 15,000 characters
Content truncated to 10,000 chars; WARNING logged


TC-3.17
Chat store — persistence failure queues to fallback
Supabase insert fails
Raises ChatPersistenceError; payload enqueued in fallback_queue


TC-3.18
Chat store — list recent messages (limit 20)
task has 30 messages in DB
Returns last 20 messages ordered oldest→newest


TC-3.19
Chat store — empty history returns empty list
task has no messages
Returns [] without raising


TC-3.20
Orchestrator — clarification when no media detected
detected media types = []
SSE emits clarification message; no agent invoked


TC-3.21
Orchestrator — fan-out to detected agents
detected = ["text", "image"]
text_node and image_node execute in parallel; video/audio nodes skipped


TC-3.22
Orchestrator — failing agent doesn't block siblings
image_agent raises Exception; text_agent succeeds
text ad produced; image ad marked as failed; no crash


TC-3.23
Orchestrator — missing rule rejects single media type
No rule for (tiktok, audio)
Audio generation skipped with "failed" event; other media types proceed


TC-3.24
Orchestrator — brief enrichment with product context
product_name="Tiger Sugar", product_category="food_beverage"
Enriched brief includes "[SETTINGS: Product/Brand: Tiger Sugar
Category: food and beverage]"

TC-3.25
Orchestrator — pipeline state building
2 generated ads (text + image)
pipeline_state has nodes for input, text, image, output with edges connecting them


TC-3.26
Orchestrator — SSE status events emitted per node
Generation runs for image media type
SSE events: {node:"image", status:"in-progress"} → {node:"image", status:"completed"}


TC-3.27
Compliance bridge — pass verdict maps to final-compliant
Pipeline returns status="pass"
_map_verdict returns "final-compliant"


TC-3.28
Compliance bridge — remediate verdict maps to non-compliant
Pipeline returns status="remediate"
_map_verdict returns "final-non-compliant"


TC-3.29
Compliance bridge — timeout maps to non-final
Pipeline exceeds 120s timeout
Returns compliance_status="non-final", error mentions timeout


TC-3.30
Compliance bridge — skips incomplete ad
ad status="failed" (generation didn't complete)
Returns non-final immediately; no pipeline invoked


TC-3.31
Compliance bridge — media download failure
S3 download raises Exception
Returns non-final with error "media download failed"


TC-3.32
Compliance bridge — summarize_reasons extracts key fields
compliance_result has risk_level, risk_percentage, high_risk_indicator, suggestion
Returns compact dict with only those fields populated


TC-3.33
Compliance bridge — summarize_reasons handles empty/non-dict
compliance_result=None or compliance_result="string"
Returns empty dict {}


TC-3.34
Generation route — task not found returns 404
project_id and task_id don't match any task
Returns HTTP 404 {"error": "Task not found"}


TC-3.35
Generation route — store unavailable returns 503
_store is None (Supabase not initialized)
Returns HTTP 503 {"error": "Persistence store is unavailable"}



Main Feature 4 - Ad Publishing (Human-in-the-Loop Gate)
The publishing feature is the human approval gate that controls whether generated ads can be distributed. Only ads that pass compliance review can be published. Publishing is idempotent and blocks non-compliant creative.
 
TC-No
Description
Input Conditions
Expected Output
Actual Output
Status
TC-4.01
Publish ad — successful approval
ad exists with status="completed", compliance_status="non-final"
Returns {ad_id, status:"published", already_published:False}


TC-4.02
Publish ad — already published (idempotent)
ad exists with status="published"
Returns {ad_id, status:"published", already_published:True}


TC-4.03
Publish ad — blocked by compliance failure
ad has compliance_status="final-non-compliant"
Raises CompliancePublishBlockedError


TC-4.04
Publish ad — ad not found
ad_id doesn't exist for the given project_id
Raises AdNotFoundError


TC-4.05
Publish ad — Supabase read failure
Supabase raises Exception during ad lookup
Raises PublishError with "persistence store unavailable"


TC-4.06
Publish ad — Supabase update failure
Ad exists but status update fails
Raises PublishError with "failed to update ad status"


TC-4.07
Publish ad — draft status can be published
ad has status="draft"
Publishes successfully; status flipped to "published"


TC-4.08
Publish ad — sets updated_at timestamp
ad published successfully
updated_at field set to current UTC time in ISO format


TC-4.09
Publish route — returns 404 for missing ad
POST /publish with non-existent ad_id
HTTP 404 response


TC-4.10
Publish route — returns 409 for compliance block
POST /publish for non-compliant ad
HTTP 409 response with compliance error


Main Feature 5 - Ad Distribution (Social Platform Posting)
The distribution feature pushes published ads to social platforms (TikTok, Instagram, YouTube) via the Zernio SDK. It includes account resolution, post creation, recording distribution metadata, and analytics retrieval.
 
TC-No
Description
Input Conditions
Expected Output
Actual Output
Status
TC-5.01
Distribute ad — successful TikTok post
ad_id exists, platform="tiktok", ZERNIO_API_KEY set, ZERNIO_ACCOUNT_TIKTOK set
Returns {post_id, status:"distributed", platform:"tiktok"}


TC-5.02
Distribute ad — missing API key
ZERNIO_API_KEY="" (empty)
Raises DistributionError with "ZERNIO_API_KEY is not configured"


TC-5.03
Distribute ad — unconfigured platform account
platform="invalid-platform"; no account mapping
Raises AccountNotConfiguredError


TC-5.04
Distribute ad — Zernio SDK failure
Zernio client raises Exception during posts.create
Raises DistributionError wrapping the original


TC-5.05
Distribute ad — records distribution metadata on success
Distribution succeeds
generated_ads row updated with distributed_at, distribution_platform, distribution_post_id


TC-5.06
Distribute ad — metadata persistence failure is non-fatal
Distribution succeeds but Supabase update fails
Returns success result; logs WARNING (doesn't raise)


TC-5.07
Account resolution — TikTok maps to configured ID
platform="tiktok"
Returns ZERNIO_ACCOUNT_TIKTOK value


TC-5.08
Account resolution — Instagram maps to configured ID
platform="instagram"
Returns ZERNIO_ACCOUNT_INSTAGRAM value


TC-5.09
Account resolution — unknown platform returns None
platform="snapchat"
Returns None


TC-5.10
Distribution route — ad not published returns 409
ad has status="completed" (not "published")
HTTP 409 "Ad must be published before distributing"


TC-5.11
Distribution route — ad has no media URL returns 409
ad metadata has no s3_url
HTTP 409 "Ad has no public media URL to distribute"


TC-5.12
Get analytics — ad not distributed (draft)
Ad has no distribution_post_id
Returns {status:"draft", metrics: all zeros}


TC-5.13
Get analytics — Zernio API key missing (mock fallback)
ZERNIO_API_KEY="" but ad is distributed
Returns {status:"mocked"} with generated engagement data


TC-5.14
Get analytics — successful real analytics
ZERNIO_API_KEY set; analytics.get_analytics returns data
Returns {status:"active"} with real metrics and chart_data (7 days)


TC-5.15
Get analytics — ad not found
ad_id doesn't exist for project_id
Returns mock analytics as fallback (error caught)


 
Main Feature 6 - CapCut Draft Export
The CapCut Draft Export feature generates importable CapCut/JianYing project drafts with video + image overlay + transitions. Users can download a ZIP or auto-install to their local CapCut app.
 
TC-No
Description
Input Conditions
Expected Output
Actual Output
Status
TC-6.01
CapCut status check — library available
pycapcut is installed
Returns {available:True, library:"pycapcut"}


TC-6.02
CapCut status check — library unavailable
Neither pycapcut nor pyJianYingDraft installed
Returns {available:False, library:null}


TC-6.03
Generate draft — library not available returns 503
CAPCUT_AVAILABLE=False
HTTP 503 with "Install pycapcut" message


TC-6.04
Generate draft — successful creation
Valid video + image uploaded; pycapcut available
Returns {success:True, download_url, draft_name, video_duration_sec, canvas}


TC-6.05
Generate draft — invalid video file
Uploaded file is not a valid video (e.g., text file renamed to .mp4)
Returns HTTP 500 with error details


TC-6.06
Generate draft from local — test assets exist
Test Video.mp4 and Boba Infographic.jpg present in assets
Draft created successfully using local files


TC-6.07
Generate draft from local — video not found
Test Video.mp4 missing from assets directory
HTTP 404 "Test video not found"


TC-6.08
Generate draft from local — image not found
Boba Infographic.jpg missing from assets directory
HTTP 404 "Test image not found"


TC-6.09
Media duration detection — valid video
Valid .mp4 file with known duration
Returns duration in seconds (float > 0)


TC-6.10
Media duration detection — ffprobe unavailable
ffprobe not in PATH
Returns None (graceful fallback)


TC-6.11
Download draft — draft exists
draft_name matches an existing generated draft
Returns ZIP FileResponse with correct content-type


TC-6.12
Download draft — draft not found
draft_name doesn't match any generated draft
HTTP 404 "Draft not found"


TC-6.13
Draft files endpoint — returns JSON content
Valid draft with .json files
Returns dict of filename→content pairs for all JSON files


TC-6.14
Draft files endpoint — no JSON files
Draft folder exists but contains no .json files
HTTP 404 "No draft files found"


TC-6.15
Install to CapCut — folder found
CapCut Drafts folder exists on system
Draft copied to CapCut folder; returns {success:True, installed_path}


TC-6.16
Install to CapCut — CapCut not installed
No CapCut Drafts folder on system
HTTP 404 "CapCut Drafts folder not found"


TC-6.17
Install to CapCut — draft not generated
draft_name doesn't exist in temp drafts
HTTP 404 "Draft not found. Generate it first."


TC-6.18
Find CapCut drafts folder — Windows detection
Running on Windows with CapCut installed at standard path
Returns full path to com.lveditor.draft folder


TC-6.19
Find CapCut drafts folder — not installed
CapCut not installed on system
Returns None


TC-6.20
Transition types — fade transition applied
transition_type="fade"
Draft created with fade transition between video segments


 




5.3.2. User Acceptance Testing
Test 1
Tester demographic profile
Name
xxxx
Age
40
Role in the system
Parents

*The rating of the scale would be as below:
1: Strongly disagree.
2: Disagree.
3: Neutral
4: Agree.
5: Strongly agree.


User interface criteria
1
2
3
4
5
I
The design of the interface is visually appealing and professional.




/
II
The navigation between pages is intuitive and easy to follow.



/

III
The colour scheme and typography provide good readability and visual contrast.



/

IV
The website is always clean and clear to be view.




/
V
Loading indicators and progress feedback are clear and informative.





VI
Error messages and status notifications are easy to understand.







Compliance Checking Feature
1
2
3
4
5
I
Uploading media files for compliance checking is straightforward.




/
II
The compliance analysis results are presented clearly.



/

III
The violation highlights and explanations help me understand why content is non-compliant.



/

IV
The pipeline progress tracking gives useful real-time feedback.




/
V
The compliance decision is clearly communicated.





VI
The system correctly identifies cultural and regulatory issues relevant to the Malaysian market.







Ad Generation Feature
1
2
3
4
5
I
The chat-based interface for requesting ad generation is natural and easy to use.




/
II
The system correctly understands what type of ad I want to generate, including text, image, audio and video.



/

III
Generated ad content is relevant to my product and brand description.



/

IV
The platform-specific formatting produces appropriate sizing and aspect ratios.




/
V
The generation pipeline canvas view helps me understand the progress of my ad creation.





VI
Reference image upload enhances the quality and relevance of generated ads







Remediation Feature
1
2
3
4
5
I
The remediation suggestions provided are actionable and easy to understand.




/
II
The automated remediation produces satisfactory quality.



/

III
The aspect ratio selection (human-in-the-loop confirmation) is clear and intuitive.



/

IV
The before and after comparison is helpful.




/
V
The remediated output maintains the original ad's intent while fixing compliance issues.







Publishing & Distribution Feature
1
2
3
4
5
I
The system correctly blocks non-compliant ads from being published.




/
II
The automated remediation produces satisfactory quality.



/

III
Distributing ads to social platforms works smoothly.



/



Functionality criteria
Yes
No
I
All pages load without errors or crashes.
/

II
The system functions correctly across different browsers.
/

III
The dark and light mode toggle works correctly across all pages.
/

IV
Project creation and management functions correctly.


V
The system responds within acceptable time for compliance checks


VI
The CapCut draft export/download produces a usable draft file.


VII
Generated ads are saved and accessible in the Assets page after creation.



Tester comment:
Test comments here

Tester’s Signature

______________

CHAPTER 6: CONCLUSION

6.1 Critical Evaluation

6.2 Limitation

6.3 Recommendation


5.0 REFERENCES
The Vibes. (2 August, 2022). Slanted eyes, butchering Japanese language: netizens grill Nippon Sushi over video ad. The Vibes. https://www.thevibes.com/articles/news/67459/slanted-eyes-butchering-japanese-language-netizens-grill-nippon-sushi-over-video-ad
Acquah, E. K. (2023). Effectiveness of Interviews as a Tool for Data. European Academic Research, 10(2), 4235-4241. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.4135/9781849209533
Agarwal, S., & Agrawal, A. (2020). Uses, Advantages and Opportunities of Kanban methods in Mechanical Engineering and Product Manufacturing. International Journal of Scientific and Research Publications 10(1), 9704.
Akolkar, A. H., Neeraj, S., Vardhan, S., Upparu, N. R., & Khan, E. (2024). Cultural Differences Affecting Advertising. International Research Journal of Economics and Management Studies, 3(10), 259-267. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.56472/25835238/irjems-v3i10p130
Asha. (9 October, 2023). SMEs as The Heartbeat of Happiness. Oppotus. https://www.oppotus.com/smes-as-the-heartbeat-of-happiness/
AWS. (16 July, 2024). Host a Static Website. AWS. https://docs.aws.amazon.com/hands-on/latest/host-static-website/host-static-website.html
AWS. (12 January, 2026). Amazon Linux 2 FAQs. AWS. https://aws.amazon.com/amazon-linux-2/faqs/?nc1=h_ls
Aziz, N. A., Ismail, R., Omar, R., Rahmana, I., & Mulyana. (2021). Customer Orientation and Marketing Innovation: A Study of SMES Performance in East Coast. International Journal of Academic Research in Business and Social Sciences, 11(18), 202-219. https://doi.org/http://dx.doi.org/10.6007/IJARBSS/v11-i18/11628
Azuar, A., & Nehru, V. (10 July, 2024). Are Malaysian SMEs falling behind in the digital age? The Malaysia Reserve. https://themalaysianreserve.com/2024/07/10/are-malaysian-smes-falling-behind-in-the-digital-age/
Borhan, H., Naina Mohamed, R., Saifullah Rusli, M., Othman, A., & Hanisah, N. (2024). Modelling the Predictors of Social Media Marketing on Consumer Buying Behavior in Malaysia. Information Management and Business Review (ISSN 2220-3796), 16(3), 832-843. https://doi.org/https://www.ijfmr.com/papers/2025/4/50630.pdf
Bowden, Z. (5 July, 2025). Windows 11 overtakes Windows 10 to become most used desktop OS — 4 years after its controversial debut. Window Central. https://www.windowscentral.com/microsoft/windows-11/windows-11-is-now-the-most-popular-desktop-os-in-the-world-finally-surpasses-windows-10-after-4-years
Burak, A. (10 October, 2024). Agile Frameworks Compared: Scrum vs. Kanban vs. Lean vs. XP. Kanban Zone. https://kanbanzone.com/2024/agile-frameworks-compared/
BusinessMap. (n.d.). What Is Kanban? A Simple Guide to Improve Efficiency. BusinessMap. https://businessmap.io/kanban-resources/getting-started/what-is-kanban#:~:text=Kanban%20is%20one%20of%20the,maximize%20efficiency%2C%20and%20improve%20continuously.
Chan, E. (1 December, 2025). Developers Should Know in 2026. SecondTalent. https://www.secondtalent.com/resources/ide-statistics/
Chun Hau Ng. (22 June, 2022). Malaysia: New Content Code effective from 30 May 2022. Global Compliance News. https://www.globalcompliancenews.com/2022/06/22/malaysia-new-content-code-effective-from-30-may-2022-15062022/
Collins, A., & Attaran, S. (April, 2022). Looking in the Mirror: Does Representation in Marketing Impact the Consumer? digitalcommons. https://digitalcommons.bryant.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1046&context=honors_marketing
Content Forum Malaysia. (May, 2022). The Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Content Code 2022. Content Forum Malaysia. https://contentforum.my/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/Content-Code-2022.pdf
Donald, A. D., & Paul, D. O. (30 Jun, 2020). CSA Research. Can’t Read, Won’t Buy – B2C Analyzing Consumer Language Preferences and Behaviors in 29 Countries. https://insights.csa-research.com/reportaction/305013126/Marketing?SearchTerms=Can%E2%80%99t%20Read%2C%20Won%E2%80%99t%20Buy%20%E2%80%93%20B2C%20Analyzing%20Consumer%20Language%20Preferences%20and%20Behaviors%20in%2029%20Countries
Dzulqarnain, & Nadia, Q. (11 Mar, 2025). 'Make us one', Mixue promotes diversity amid racist job ad controversy. Malaysia Kini. https://www.malaysiakini.com/news/736909
Ezzat, R. (2023). History and Development of Advertising through Media Technology. Journal of Art, Design Music, 3(1). https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.55554/2785-9649.1011
Flynn, J. (27 Novemeber, 2022). Companies Use Agile Methodology. Zippa. https://www.zippia.com/advice/agile-statistics/
Gao, B., Yiming, W., Xie, H., & Hu, Y. (2023). Artificial Intelligence in Advertising: Advancements, Challenges, and Ethical Considerations in Targeting, and Ad Optimization. Sage Journals, 13(4). https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1177/21582440231210759
GeeksforGeeks. (6 April, 2022). Agile vs Waterfall Project Management. GeeksforGeeks. https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/software-engineering/agile-vs-waterfall/
GreeksforGreeks. (15 September, 2025). Kanban - Agile Methodology. GreeksforGreeks. https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/software-engineering/kanban-agile-methodology/
Hartmann, J., Exner, Y., & Domdey, S. (2024). The power of generative marketing: Can generative AI create superhuman visual marketing content? International Journal of Research in Marketing, 42(1), 13-31. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.4597899
Hemhauser, D. (20 December, 2024). Why 70% of Projects Fail and How to Avoid the Same Fate. Linkedin. https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/why-70-projects-fail-how-avoid-same-fate-daniel-hemhauser-36a1c/
Hornikx, J., Janssen, A., & Daniel, J. O. (2023). Cultural Value Adaptation in Advertising is Effective, But Not Dependable: A Meta-Analysis of 25 Years of Experimental Research. International Journal of Business Communication, 0(0). https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1177/23294884231199088
Huh, J., Michelle, R. N., & Antonia Russell, C. (2023). ChatGPT, AI Advertising, and Advertising Research and Education. Journal of Advertising, 52(4), 477–482. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1080/00913367.2023.2227013
Islam, M. A., Fakir, S. I., Masud, S., Hossen, M. D., Islam, M., & Siddiky, M. R. (2024). Artificial intelligence in digital marketing automation: Enhancing personalization, predictive analytics, and ethical integration. Learning Gate, 8(6), 6498-6516. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.55214/25768484.v8i6.3404
Jafar, N. H., & Adnan, H. M. (14 July, 2024). Tell the Truth or Keep Silent: A Critical Study of Ethical Advertising Through Malaysian Advertising Self-Regulation System. Global Journal Al-Thaqafah, 12(2), 16–26. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.7187/GJAT122022-2
Kadam, A., & Goel, M. (2025). Cultural Sensitivity in Global Advertising: The Strategic Role of Inclusive Marketing in Building Brand Trust and Engagement: A Case Study Analysis of Pepsi, Coca-Cola, and Nike Campaigns. International Journal for Multidisciplinary Research, 7(4), 1-15. https://doi.org/https://www.ijfmr.com/papers/2025/4/50630.pdf
Karnatak, N., Baranes, A., Marchant, R., Butler, T., & Olson, K. (2025). ACAI for SBOs: AI Co-creation for Advertising and Inspiration for Small Business Owners. arXiv.org. https://doi.org/https://arxiv.org/abs/2503.06729
KissFlow. (24 February, 2025). Kanban Methodology: The Simplest Agile Framework. KissFlow. https://kissflow.com/project/agile/kanban-methodology/
Kong, F., Li, Y., Nassif, H., Fiez, T., Henao, R., & Chakrabarti, S. (2023). Neural Insights for Digital Marketing Content Design. Arxiv.org. https://doi.org/https://arxiv.org/pdf/2302.01416
Lam, W. L. (2025). The Relationship between Digital Marketing Adoption and SMEs' Performance in the Furniture Manufacturing Sector in Johor, Malaysia. Research In Management of Technology and Business, 6(2), 249-264. https://doi.org/https://publisher.uthm.edu.my/periodicals/index.php/rmtb/article/view/21658/6731
Liu, X., Sun, A., An, P., Ma, T., & Zhao, J. (2024). Influencer: Empowering Everyday Users in Creating Promotional Posts via AI-infused Exploration and Customization. Arxiv.org. https://doi.org/https://arxiv.org/abs/2407.14928
Liu, Y., Yao, Y., Ton, J.-F., Zhang, X., Guo, R., Cheng, H., Klochkov, Y., Taufiq, M. F., & Li, H. (2024). Trustworthy LLMs: a Survey and Guideline for Evaluating Large Language Models' Alignment. ArXiv.org. https://doi.org/https://arxiv.org/abs/2308.05374
Maddodi, C. B., & Upadhyaya, P. (2023). In-app advertising: a systematic literature review and implications for future research. Spanish Journal of Marketing, 28(4), 334-355. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1108/SJME-05-2022-0120
Magna Global. (June, 2024). Malaysia's 2024 advertising revenue growth: Global ad forecast. Marketing Magazine Malaysia. https://archive.marketingmagazine.com.my/magna-anticipates-malaysias-2024-advertising-revenue-growth-of-8-5-rm-9-billion/
Malay Mail. (30 Oct, 2025). Padini faces backlash over ‘diet’ video, issues public apology. Malay Mail. https://www.malaymail.com/news/life/2025/10/30/padini-faces-backlash-over-diet-video-issues-public-apology/196618
Malaysia of Communications and Multimedia Content Forum. (17 April, 2022). The Malaysian Communications And Multimedia Content Code 2022. Communications and Multimedia Content Forum of Malaysia. The Rakyat Post. https://www.therakyatpost.com/news/2025/04/17/deodorant-ad-in-lrt-triggers-malaysians-company-apologises/
Mandy Mok, K. M., & Lim, R. Y. (24 May, 2021). The Future Prospect of Digital Marketing in the Malaysian Context. International Business Research, 15(1). https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.5539/ibr.v15n1p72
Meta. (19 November, 2025). Introducing Meta Segment Anything Model 3 and Segment Anything Playground. Meta. https://ai.meta.com/blog/segment-anything-model-3/
Mohamed, S., Adnan, W. H., Nordin, A. S., & Khamis, M. F. (2024). A Comparative Study on Eid Advertisement Video through Corporate YouTube Channels and Audience Engagement in Malaysia. Journal of Social Sceinces and Humanities, 21(2), 32-41. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.17576/ebangi.2024.2102.04
Morkhade, S. N., Jarad, D. R., Yadav, D. M., & Praveen, D. (2024). Ancient Marketing Strategies And Their Use. International Journal of Research Publication and Reviews, 5(12), 3122–3125. https://doi.org/https://ijrpr.com/uploads/V5ISSUE12/IJRPR36487.pdf
Nalluri, B. (11 August, 2024). Building a Serverless API with AWS Lambda and API Gateway. AWS Builder Center. https://builder.aws.com/content/2kUideF7vb9FcU6KxmXfHpnl92h/building-a-serverless-api-with-aws-lambda-and-api-gateway
Nwodo, S. I., Ikpawho, E., Uzoma, K. P., & Awaeze, C. (2025). Cultural Sensitivity and International Marketing Operations: An Empirical Analysis. International Journal of Interdisciplinary Research Methods, 12(2), 19-45. https://doi.org/https://eajournals.org/ijirm/wp-content/uploads/sites/66/2025/06/Cultural-Sensitivity.pdf
Ong, D. (2025). State of Social Marketing in Malaysia: Challenges and Reflections of a Multicultural Nation. Social Marketing Quarterly, 3-34.
Python. (2026). Status of Python versions. Python Developer's Guide. https://devguide.python.org/versions/#versions
Radigan, D. (2024). What is kanban? Atlassian. https://www.atlassian.com/agile/kanban
Restaty, & Niken, S. M. (2025). Advertising And Marketing Communications In A Cultural Context: Respecting Diversity. Asian People Journal (APJ), 8(Sl1), 204-214. https://doi.org/http://dx.doi.org/10.37231/apj.2025.8.SI1.811 
Revankar, S., & Jambhale, R. (12 February, 2025). Agile Statistics By Department, Methodology, Region-Wise Share and Industry. Coolest Gadgets. https://www.coolest-gadgets.com/agile-statistics/
Rohman, N. A., Johari, F. F., & Ashari, S. N. (2025). Navigating New Horizons: Cross-Cultural Adaptation Phases of International Students in Malaysia. International Journal of Academic Research in Business and Social Sciences, 15(5), 782-793. https://doi.org/http://dx.doi.org/10.6007/IJARBSS/v15-i5/25519
Sahoo, R. K. (2022). Interview as a Tool for Data Collection in Educational Research. Tools of Data Collection in Educational Research, 120-143. https://doi.org/https://www.researchgate.net/publication/360313105_Interview_as_a_Tool_for_Data_Collection_in_Educational_Research
Saipul. (2024). Cross-Cultural Advertising in Southeast Asia: Market Trends, Digital Engagement, and Cultural Adaptation. Communica: Journal of Communication, 2(2), 117-132. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.61978/communica.v2i2.774
Shaddy, F., Friedman, E. M., & Toubia, O. (2025). Fairness Perceptions in Demographic Targeting. Journal of Consumer Research. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1093/jcr/ucaf048
Shah, P. (10 August , 2021). Top 12 Benefits of Kanban System. StarAgile. https://staragile.com/blog/kanban-benefits
Shaikh, S. A. (2022). Research Methodology’S: An Overview And Guidelines. International Journal of Research Publication and Reviews , 3(6), 4106-4111. https://doi.org/https://ijrpr.com/uploads/V3ISSUE6/IJRPR5303.pdf
Shi, Y., Gao, T., Jiao, X., & Cao, N. (2023). Understanding Design Collaboration Between Designers and Artificial Intelligence: A Systematic Literature Review. Proceedings of the ACM on Human-Computer Interaction, 7(CSCW2), 1-35. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1145/3610217
Siddiqui, A., Kumar, A., Bharti, P. R., Agarwal, a., & ahendra. (2023). Evolution of Advertising: Past to Present . International Journal of Research Publication and Reviews, 4, 1109-1117. https://doi.org/https://ijrpr.com/uploads/V4ISSUE10/IJRPR18213.pdf
Siderova, S. (15 March, 2023). The Top 10 Benefits of Kanban. Nave. https://getnave.com/blog/kanban-benefits/
Skrine. (2 August, 2022). The new and updated Content Code 2022. Skrine Advocates & Solicitors. https://www.skrine.com/insights/alerts/august-2022/the-new-and-updated-content-code-2022
South China Morning Post . (18 April, 2025). Malaysia’s Prasarana pulls deodorant ad amid racial insensitivity claims: ‘it stinks’. South China Morning Post . https://www.scmp.com/week-asia/lifestyle-culture/article/3307102/malaysias-prasarana-pulls-deodorant-ad-amid-racial-insensitivity-claims-it-stinks
Srinivas, S. S., Das, A., Gupta, S., & Runkana, V. (2025). Agentic Multimodal AI for Hyper-Personalized B2B and B2C Advertising in Competitive Markets: An AI-Driven Competitive Advertising Framework. Arxiv.org. https://doi.org/https://arxiv.org/html/2504.00338v1
Tai, M. Y., & Baskaran, S. (2023). Going Digital for SMES: Adapting Business Model and Seizing Opportunities to Achieve Sustainable Business Performance. International Journal of Academic Research in Business & Social Sciences, 13(2), 437-449. https://doi.org/http://dx.doi.org/10.6007/IJARBSS/v13-i2/16370
Team Wan. (2025). Wan: Open and Advanced Large-Scale Video Generative Models. Arxiv.org. https://doi.org/https://huggingface.co/Wan-AI/Wan2.1-FLF2V-14B-720P
Travers, M. (n.d.). Benefits of Kanban Methodology for Software Development. CPrime. https://www.cprime.com/resources/blog/benefits-of-kanban-methodology-for-software-development/
TwelveLabs. (2026). Pegasus | TwelveLabs. TwelveLabs. https://docs.twelvelabs.io/docs/concepts/models/pegasus
Ungureanu, A., & Popescu, D.-L. (2022). Online Advertising – History, Evolution, And Challenges . Revista Economica, 74(3), 121-130. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.56043/reveco-2022-0031
Vasiliauskas, V. (26 July, 2022). Kanban Principles & Practices: The 4 Core Rules (+ 6 Examples). Teamhood. https://teamhood.com/kanban-resources/kanban-principles/
Veeraya, S., Raman, M., Gopinathan, S., & Singh, J. (2024). Digital Business Transformation of Malaysian Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises: A Review on Digital Leadership and Digital Culture. International Journal of Organizational Leadership , 13(4), 703-721. https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.33844/ijol.2024.60439
VersionLog. (7 February, 2026). Node.js Release History and End-of-Life Status. VersionLog. https://versionlog.com/nodejs/
Vite. (24 June, 2025). Vite 7.0 is out! Vite. https://vite.dev/blog/announcing-vite7
Wang, J., Hamamurad, Q. H., & Jusoh, N. M. (2024). Factors influencing e-commerce users’ adoption of online shopping platforms infrastructure in Malaysia. Journal of Infrastructure, Policy and Development, 8(14). https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.24294/jipd5441
Wang, T., & Li, H. (2025). OpenGuardrails: A Configurable, Unified, and Scalable Guardrails Platform for Large Language Models. Arxiv.org. https://doi.org/https://arxiv.org/html/2510.19169
WaveSpeedAI. (2026). Wan Flf2v. WaveSpeedAI. https://wavespeed.ai/docs/docs-api/wavespeed-ai/wan-flf2v#pricing



6.0 APPENDICES 
6.1 Appendix A - Project Proposal Form (PPF)

Figure 32 PPF Page 1

Figure 33 PPF Page 2

Figure 34 PPF Page 3
6.2 Appendix B - Ethics Form (Fast Track)


Figure 35 Ethics Form Page 1

Figure 36 Ethics Form Page 2

Figure 37 Ethics Form Page 3


Figure 38 Ethics Form Page 4

6.3 Appendix C - Log Sheet


Figure 39 Log Sheet


6.4 Appendix D – Poster



6.5 Appendix E – Gannt Chart (Updated)


Figure 40 Gannt Chart

6.6 Appendix F – Sample Code Implementation

6.7 Appendix G – Interviewee Demographic Profile
Participant
Job Tittle
Industry
Year of Experience
Wen
Digital Marketing Executive
Fashion Ecommerce
6 years
Farah
Marketing & Social Media Executive
F&B
2 years
Elena
Founder
Tech Startup
1 year
Siew
Owner
Traditional Hardware shop
20 years
Table 33 Interviewee Demographic profile

6.8 Appendix H – Turnitin Result


Figure 41 Turnitin Report Page 1

Figure 42 Turnitin Report Page 2

Figure 43 Turnitin Report Page 3